Nick and Vanessa reunite with this seasons past and present couples and revisit their highs and lows. Plus, get an update on where they are now. Hey, everyone, I'm your host, Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the Love Is Blind reunion. Yeah! I love it. I wish you could feel the energy in this room. We have seen all of our contestants fall blindly in love for each other. They've connected emotionally and physically. They have made up, they've broken up, they've made up and some of 'em even made it down the aisle. We're here to catch up with the participants and talk about the results of this blind love experiment. And their reactions to seeing it all play out on screen. It's just crazy to think that a couple months ago I was single, I was livin' the life. And the journey has just brought me here. Will you marry me? Will you marry me? Will you marry me? Yes. Yes. I will marry you. I've spent every second focusing on finding my wife. Oh, my God. My favorite was Barnett. He made me laugh so much. Hi. Oh, God. I know we're gonna have a lot of challenges in the real world but I wouldn't change anything about him. You guys, it's so good to see you all again. Yes. Yeah. It feels like a family reunion. It's nice to see each other. Like a true family reunion that you kinda don't wanna go to. I think the first thing we should do is kick this whole thing off with some quick updates from you guys. Raise your hand if you are currently single. Okay. Raise your hand if you are married to your fiance from the experiment. Wow. All right. All right. All right, guys, raise your hand if you are currently in a relationship. Okay, Kenny. Yeah, I guess that would... Raise your hand if you are currently in a relationship with your fiance from the experiment. Yes! Okay! What goes around, comes around. I can't wait. I can't wait to get into this. This is good already. We're barely started here. Nick, I don't know about you, I'm gonna need some details. A lot more details. Yup. A lot of details. We had Kenny and Kelly. Hey, guys. Hi. How's it goin'? What's goin' on... Yeah, so, I am still single. Um, but I did a few career transitions since the show. I also dated one of my best friends since the show. And... he was actually at our wedding. Oh, my God! At our wedding. Wow. I think since the show, it's been a lot of, um, self-growth. From what I learned from this show, taking that into that relationship. How about you, Kenny? I, honestly, and not to sugarcoat it, but could not be doing better. This experiment, whether I understood it or not, allowed me to find the person I'm with today. 'Cause it allowed me to open myself up to truly be vulnerable. And I have the best girlfriend, uh, for me. And I'm sure you guys are documenting everything on camera. I've learned that is not a good thing. Amber and Barnett, you guys, you got married in our experiment and you are still together. Fill us in. What's going on? Well, I haven't killed him yet. Uh, we've been doing great. Learning about ourselves while we've been traveling and doing fun stuff. It's been awesome. Learning about ourselves. We did move closer to the city now. Our house was haunted, y'all. Not a fan. She thinks it was haunted, I think it was dust, whatever. Ever since this show, we've been followed by bad spirits. Oh, my God. On that note... What about you, Jessica, what have you been up to? Honestly, you know, we've all just seen this all play out. There were some really cringeworthy moments for me, watching it back, that I've been able to reflect on. It was kind of rough for me, when I realized that things weren't really going the way that I hoped that they would. So I took this past year, um, went back home to Chicago for six months just be closer to my family and kinda heal up a little bit. And kinda reflect and figure out how to change course. And then, now I'm out in LA. And, um, I've just recently started dating again. So, I'm doing great. I love that. Carlton, what's been goin' on since the experiment? I've really just been working on Carlton. Um, I'm single still. I've taken some self-reflection. Obviously, what happened on the show was major in my life. It was very important to me to preserve my personal space and my mental space. Because subject matters like that could take you down a dark road. In the back of your mind, you're thinking, "Oh, my God, did I really just share my entire life?" Like there's no other secret. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. On one end, I feel very free since doing the show, but on another end, I'm just very disappointed that love didn't work out the way that I wanted for it to. What you did in confronting that... Mmm-hmm. ...and doing that on a television show like this takes an incredible amount of bravery. Thank you. I know we were all very proud of you for doing that. Thank you so much. Still processing it. Yeah. It's kinda weird sometimes, but I'm proud, at the end of the day. Damian and Gi, so y'all are together? Please dish. We are so together. Every single day, waking up next to each other and going to the gym together. I don't wanna lose this. I just don't. That's awesome. And I didn't. Okay. So, Diamond, how've you been since the show? I've been great. I've been waitin' on Beyonc to call me. No, I'm just kidding. 'Cause everybody's been lovin' that for some reason, that I quoted her. But anyways, back to me. Everything's been great. I'm workin' on my PhD. I'm going back to school. Congratulations. Thanks, guys. And I know each and every one of us can say that this was a very hard thing to open up to the world and allow people to come in and being judged. And we have to really take that all in and also try to be able to cope with it. Yes. Especially in this day and age when you've got those keyboard warriors. But we'll get to those. Exactly. Lauren and Cameron, you guys, just like Amber and Barnett, found love in this experiment, got married and are still together. Still together. What's happening? What's goin' on? Life for us has been really, really good. Each and every day is like our own little experiment. Because we're still learning each other, even though we've been married for over a year now. Trust me, that never stops. I've seriously never been as happy as I am with Cameron. He makes me so happy. Can't wait to dive into that love story. I'll come up here to Mark. How are you? I'm good. As a man, I think I learned more about vulnerability, communication and just, I don't know, just more about myself. I think I can speak for everybody, it was totally worth the price of admission. Mmm-hmm. And, yeah, life's been good. And you're single now. Yes, I am single. Guys, it's probably one of the most asked questions, but how was it dating in the pods? I know I said myself a lot that it was, uh... possible that this could work for me, but I honest to God didn't think it was probable. I went on this show thinking, "It's a chance to find love. Why not? Let's see what happens." But... Yeah. Hey, I was as skeptical as anyone was probably watching coming into this. Is there anything that in a pod, you were like, "This is not the one"? It was an instant... Mmm. Me and Barnett. No. He was like, "Oh, Diamond, you're a stripper." She was like... Nope. If you'd have given me a second chance, I... He's still tryin' to be smooth. Barnett, you had enough going on as it was. And I'm so sorry that I fell asleep on Amber. I'm so sorry. Okay, in all fairness, in this process, it was exhausting. And the second date... She was all over me on the second date. Get outta here. Nobody got to see Carlton say, "My God, you're so interesting. I wish I'd known this on the first date." Okay? So, no, I am not boring. Barnett and Diamond, you guys didn't connect, but as I mentioned... I love you, Barnett. ...you had a pretty active thing going on in terms of dating in the pods. There was a lot goin' on there. I dated, like, 15 women. Yeah. Should we watch a clip? I think we should watch a clip. Me and LC were very freakin' similar and it's like, what's goin' on here? Why are we so alike? With Amber, she excites me but she also scares the livin' hell out of me. Hey, B. Hey, girl. Yeah, I think Jessica is my number one. Because every time I talk to her, there's like mad goosebumps. I love everything about these girls but all in different ways. And I'm like, "What the hell? What am I supposed to do?" Let's talk about this. Now, we just watched that clip and seein' how secure Amber and Jessica and LC all felt about their relationship with you in the pods, watching that and looking back, would you have done anything differently? Actually, no. The last couple years before I went on the show, I was kinda emotionally empty. I had no connections. I couldn't figure myself out. Excuse my spit. But, um... Can we get a napkin, please? So smooth. Or a bib. Or a bib? Anyhoo, um... It's really crazy to go to a place where you actually start opening up and you feel people accepting your emotions that you've never really shown to anybody. It's just... It was kinda crazy. Yeah. I think most people could attest to that. Um, that I'm not super good with girls, actually. So it's kinda funny to see it, but, I don't know. I guess it's just like... When you think back to it and... and... you're sittin' there trying to figure out, like, who, you know, would be the best wife, you kinda wanna see what they think about even getting married. I may not have used the best words. Like saying that I would propose to you tomorrow or somethin' like that. But I feel like it gives you a good idea of how someone's gonna react to the thought of even marrying you. So... Do you have any regrets with how things went down? I always regret everything I say. Ha! I mean, no, I don't regret anything, really. I think that maybe there are better words to use to fill those feelings out. But, I mean, really, I don't regret it. 'Cause it got me to where I am today. Everyone has a different path that they take on something like this. And that was your... That was your journey. And I see him cracking his knuckles, and I feel you. I'm a little uncomfortable. You guys are actually seeing this process. And for Amber, you knew. You knew, 'cause on the women's side... You knew this. There was a very strong sense of girl power over there and we were all leaning on each other a lot. And we were very supportive and open about who we were all interested in. And when it got to the point that LC and I realized we both really cared about Barnett, we came to a mutual decision. Like... can we just not talk about our dates with him? And she was really respectful about that. So, Jessica coming out of left field tryin' to tell me that he proposed to her that night... Maybe he's having issues. But he told me that he doesn't know what he wants. That he's fckd up in his head. That's what he told me. After last night, he told me that he was gonna marry me. I was not happy. I confronted Matt about Jessica. And I said, "What the hell? What's going on here? What are you thinking? What are you doing? What do you do want?" He told me he was trying to figure things out and feel it out, and that he shouldn't have said that. That wasn't how he meant it. I'm like, "Okay, that's not how you meant it." I believe you. That was all... I trusted him. As far as I was concerned, that was nothing after the fact. So to see her throwing herself at him in Mexico... btch, you're shiesty. You're so fake. Comin' to my face like we were cool. You were so fake. I think you're a very disingenuine person. And I hope seeing this, you do grow from it. Because the world does not need women going behind people's backs like that. You were engaged to another man that you were leading on. He was engaged. He made his choice. Anyhoo, so no, I'm not super happy seeing that. But I would have been a lot more comfortable had somebody else said, "Hey, I'm still having feelings for him." Do you think you should have come forward sooner? Do you think, "I still respect the way that I kept it to myself"? Yeah, I mean, for me, um, obviously there's... To go back to kinda Barnett's point, that I really wanted to see how my relationship was with everyone. Everyone needs to realize that this was days, not weeks, to find a connection to spend forever with someone. So I really wanted to vet everything out. Obviously, I was rejected by Barnett. I didn't take that very well. Seeing that play out is brutal, you know? So I was really trying to keep myself open and work that all out. I don't think that necessarily played out. But I do definitely owe a major apology to you, Amber, and to Barnett. Who... I super respect them both. I respect their relationship. Um, and, you know, definitely was not good of me to even ever question that, so I apologize. And I have nothing but the most respect for you both. I wish you nothing but the best. I'm just happy that I was able to participate in an experiment where this does work out. And there are happy married couples. It's... I have no hard feelings towards you whatsoever. At all. I have a whole lot of respect for you for coming here and being a part of this. Thanks. And being big enough to to say, "I messed up and I apologize." I wanna clear this air. If she is apologizing, do you accept that apology or is there something that you're like, "I wish that this would've happened so that we can all move on"? My... I had a full understanding of what this experiment was. And I knew that she may have had a crush on him still. And the fact that she was going to him behind my back with me in the same room, saying things like, "Are you sure this is what you want?" Yeah, that bothered me. Because if you still have feelings for my husband and you're engaged to my friend, the least you can do is be honest about where you are at. I fully believe in being up-front. I have no filter, as you guys have seen. I have no filter. So, what I needed to be okay with this was for her to say, "Look, I'm still feeling him. I'm still confused." So that I'm not sitting there looking like a fool, thinking we're cool, we're friends. I don't know that you looked like a fool, 'cause you got the guy, but she had her process. Do you accept an apology or are you like, "I still need a minute to process"? I accept the intent behind the apology. I can't be fully there yet. Yeah. That's okay. Well, the process continues. All right, every one of you sitting here today decided to choose to spend the rest of your life with someone sight unseen. Let's hear more about what was going through your minds when you saw each other for the very first time. Yeah. Yeah, D-money! Smooth. Smooth. Who surprised you the most when you guys saw them in person? Because you obviously talked to everybody. Everybody dated. Even for that speed date round, everybody dated. So who did you see that you were like, "Wow!" I'd say Lauren. Honestly. 'Cause you and I talked, I think, twice. We dated twice. Um, no, I mean, you're captivating, you're stunning. It shines through. I can agree to that. It is funny. I love you, Cam, but... It is, because me and Lauren, I think we dated every day up till the point of engagement. We dated every single day. We did. We had the best conversations. We would laugh all the time. We started to talk in a Star Wars voice. We really did. Wait a minute. We gotta see a Star Wars date right now. What's your voice? It's like, "Hey, Damian." And I was like, "Hi, Lauren. Hi, Lauren." I was trying to do Yoda, but I'm not getting casted for Star Wars. I was really surprised to see Mark. I really was. He actually is really attractive. Like, he's a good-looking guy. Rico Suave. He wears his heart on his sleeve. I really thought he was a beautiful person. You know, y'all are both single, right? We have a pod in our garage. You guys wanna come over? But we've already seen each other, so... We've talked lot about the emotional connection that all of you, I think, found on this show. But you guys took that emotional connection and you developed a physical connection and obviously with that, face time, you know, brings new challenges, brings new obstacles to light, and reality really started to sink in. Let's see right here. Diamond... Yes. Will you be my wife? Oh, my God. Will you marry me? Oh, my God. Yes. You will? Yes. Baby! All the way... I saw suspense. I know, right? What is it like, Carlton, Diamond, to see that? I get emotional. I really do. Because to actually hear someone actually say, like... "Do you want to be my queen? Do you want to be my wife?" I've never heard that before. And to hear those words, you know... A lot of us have been wanting that for a long time. You could see I was crying like a baby because I've never heard those words. I didn't even know how to respond to it, other than that I knew I wanted to do this. And Carlton, you said it's a lot... Yeah, it's a lot. It's a... I think it just goes back to, like, no one will fully ever understand what was going through my head in that moment. That day, still to this day by far, is the happiest day of my life. Like to the point where I'm actively trying to, like, top it, so that we can just move to the next chapter of my life. Well, as we all know, once Carlton and Diamond got to Mexico, the relationship shifted almost immediately and it came to a head the morning after you, Carlton, opened up to Diamond about your past relationships. I'm okay with or without this situation. I am okay. What? I ain't got time for this because you have a bad attitude. Go ahead, throw it. This is not for you. Go ahead. Have your moment. You have your moment. I don't care if you're not fckng with me. I gave you your ring back. I don't give a fck about a ring! fck a ring! fck a ring! I didn't do that. This is why I don't deal with bitches like you. Oh, I'm a btch now. You gon' call me a btch in my face? I don't deal with women like you. fck you! fck you. fckr! Nah, fck like me. fck you! Bye. Good luck. Watch my ass to the next dck, boy. Nah, watch your wig, 'cause it keep sliding. Who the fck do you think I am? Your wig been sliding... You ain't married to no average btch! Peace out! Hmm. Okay. First of all, I want to thank both Carlton and Diamond for coming here for the reunion. Mmm-hmm. I know that this has been hard. Kind of what I was talking about earlier, we have a lot of keyboard warriors and a lot of the fans have voiced their opinions. I'll start with you, Carlton. How are you feeling being here? Um, so, it's very awkward. It's obviously something new for me. Um, like, I've gotten death threats. It brings you to a very dark space. Um, the biggest misconception is that fluid people are just like rabbits. Just hopping around, sleeping with everyone, talking to both parties at the same time and that we have no self-control sexually and I think it's very unfair. And it's a very ignorant assumption for anyone to make. Out of everything, I think, I've been more concerned with Diamond. And like, her backlash and I just want to make it clear that the woman that I fell in love with, I don't... I've never felt that she was biphobic, homophobic. Um, or that she wouldn't love me. I just was afraid that we would have some issues that we would have to work through. The types of feedback that I've been getting online, it's no reflection of who I am. Now, do I deserve some of the feedback? Yes, I do. Because I made a horrible mistake and indirectly called her out of her name. That is something that should've never happened. There's no excuse. Um, and I told myself, you know, before the show start, I want to at least be comfortable with him in the same room. And I didn't want any animosity or any tension towards us. I felt like I could at least do that. At least hear what he has to say, and then he did apologize. Who initiated that contact? I think it was, like, "Happy holidays" or your birthday? That's how we were able to move forward and even be here. Because like he said, he was getting remarks and people attacking him. I'm getting the same thing. I've gotten death threats as well. I've gotten a lot of... Been called those names. I was really hurt by that. And I'm like, "Why would they... People are seeing it in a totally different perspective." My goal right there in that scene was to talk to him and understand 'cause I didn't know about it. You know, I didn't want it to get crazy and out of control and me going off and coming out of my character. 'Cause that's not who I am. Um, although, if you mess with me, I do have a tendency to, like, put my foot down. You were just spewing words and I know, sitting here, watching you watch that, you're mortified. You're like, "This is not me." Mmm-hmm. So, if you had an opportunity now to write that scene, and I'll start with you, Diamond, what would you want to say? So, I guess, in my way, I should've approached it differently and been more comforting. And maybe approached it in a way of saying that, you know, "I respect you as a person." You all right? Yeah, I'm good. Would you have told her sooner? Do you think that would have made a difference? I would have done, you know, whatever it takes to be sitting on the couch as happy as these people, even these people. I would've done whatever it took had I known then that that's what it took to sit here happily married. You know? To her? Yeah. I think that, um, in that moment, I felt I went back into my shell. It was a shell that was difficult breaking out of, not to mention in front of the world. Um... And once something just felt like it wasn't right, I immediately let fear sink in and like, "Oh, I have to go back into... 'Carlton's the only person who will defend Carlton and understand Carlton' mode." And that has translated into my everyday life. Sometimes, people may say, "Oh, he's so to himself. He's so standoffish." It's not that I want to be, it's just like that whole fear of rejection and being judged for something that's... Why do we have to be judged for who we love? Like, that's so lame to me. Even now, I could see people going, "Well, now you've cleared the air, so you're good, right?" What is like that now for you to sit here across from him? I mean, no woman... I know you wouldn't allow him to disrespect you like that. I see your love. I see you guys are really passionate about each other. And, um, I always felt like a man should always have his woman's back. We couldn't even just have an open communication. Just to be able to say, "Hey, this is me. Let's move forward. Let's move past this." And just that disrespect as to myself, I could never probably let that go and move past that. And I think that it's fair now to say that you probably won't get back together because you feel you're that hurt and you're that disrespected and that was a red flag for you. Yes. I think what I'm hearing from both of you is regret that that scene ever played itself out. It's disappointing that, like, you know, there is a line drawn, um... because my sole purpose of coming here today, as much as I didn't want to, I wanted to make it clear that I am here for you. No matter what was said or what we've been through, at the end of the day, you're like my ex-fiance in real life. Forgiveness sometimes means, let's create something beautiful through all the darkness. And today I would like for it to be the start of, um, creating something... really beautiful. And I'm not proposing to you, before you, like, uh... Oh, my God. She's looking at me like, "Are you really going to do it?" I want to get down on one knee and just apologize again, um... at eye-level. And I hope that you take this ring again as a significant piece of our friendship and the start of something beautiful... um, without any type of, like, plan, or like, "This is our plan of action." Look familiar? Did you go in the pool for that? I sure did. Sure did. I do. I accept your apology. And I do forgive you. All right. I'm supposed to put it on your finger first. Oh, okay. It don't fit anymore. There we go. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Here's the box. Sure. Wow. I'm never speechless. Trust me, never happens. That was lovely. I don't know what to say. Thank you. That's what today's all about. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ Well, another relationship that had everyone talking from the moment she proposed to the moment he said, "I don't." Giannina and Damian. I want to ask you, Damian Powers, will you marry me? I will marry you. I'll marry you, too. I needed someone strong 'cause I need to be able to really be me. I felt closer and a stronger connection with her than I have anyone else before. You guys were fiery from the get-go. There was a lot of passion. Damian, had you ever dated someone like Gi before? I could combine all of them together and it'd still be no. Well, so, Gi, you... The proposal heard around the world. Did you know you were gonna get down on your knee and propose to Damian? Or did that just happen in the moment? In the pod, like, "I'm doing this." I had no idea I was going to do that. Really? I didn't. What I... I mean, I wish I could say, like, "Yeah, I was going to propose to him and..." But I... Everything that Damian was saying to me while we were in the pods, he always spoke about wanting to find his equal and that's always what I wanted too, and that's what made me say we're soul mates. It was the first time where I felt like, "If he says yes, then okay." Like, we're so in this and it's not even funny how we're going to be in it. 'Cause it was just... He sees me and he gets me. Yeah. But then you go all the way to the wedding day. Do you think you and Damian weren't ready? I mean, yeah, I... Looking back, I respect his decision. Um... I feel like where we are now is just... It's so right for us. Where we can just date and he has his own place, I have my own place. And we're getting to know each other at our own pace and it's just so refreshing. And it hurt so much, but it's all about, you know, "What can I do with that?" And "What did I learn from that?" Yeah. Well, you mentioned that. It was hard, I think, for all of us to watch both of your emotional reactions to that day. You blamed everything on me, and all I did was tell you how I felt, and I wanted to work everything out with you. Gi. I wanted to work it out so bad. This is you running... So bad! I'm trying to talk to you right now. I know what happened was embarrassing and you'll never forgive me for it. And I'm sorry. You messed up. Honestly... That was such bullshit. You can take your bow back. I mean, looking back on that, would you have done anything different on that wedding day? No. Why not? It was definitely a strong love from the beginning. We pushed through a lot of challenges, as did everyone here, but I wanted it every day since the day I told her I loved her in the pod. And it turned into our love story, but... she was in and out of it so much. You know, the butterflies aren't there, the stuff, even like the sx conversation. But getting to the day of the wedding, me and her had talked, and I said, "Look, no matter what happens, we leave this together." And she's like, "Yeah, we do." When she said "I do," I didn't... I didn't expect that. Um... I thought she was going to be the one to say, "I don't" and I was going to say, "Okay. I don't either. I'll walk away with you." I wish I could take the pain away from her that day, and the hurt, um, and the embarrassment, you know, to her family and friends, I'm sorry that I ever put her through that. I am. And to you, I'm sorry. Um... But that was the hardest decision I've probably made in my life, honestly. And I would stick by it again because of where we are now. So, okay. I love, love that you are proving that love is blind. This is beyond the show. And how has your relationship evolved since we stopped filming? So, I mean, right after... There was a lot of things that we both needed to come to terms with. You know, I was so afraid of driving this person away that I was just instinctively doing it anyway. I guess, like, the whole thing of me is that I self-sabotage and I'm aware of that. And, um, I felt because we were in the pods and we would communicate so well that he could instinctively tell. But he couldn't read my mind, or know these things. So when I felt frustrated, I just let it out in very, you know, non-constructive, insensitive ways. And especially looking back at it now, it's just like, how did you ever, you know, come about and be so calm and patient with me? And I really just want to take that time to apologize to you and... I never wanted to hurt you, either. You know, we both have expressed ourselves in really hard ways. Um, but since the show, it's just... It's... it's been such an amazing journey with you. To get to know you and to see how we integrate with each other's lives and my friends and family love you. And so it was just all these fears that were never there in the first place. So... So, I'm so happy. I love that you guys have the wherewithal to be able to see your faults. And I don't mean that in a negative way. But to see what it is you have to work on. I'm so proud of you guys. And I love your love. Well, Kelly and Kenny were a couple that seemed solid from the beginning. But as the experiment went on, fans were surprised to see that maybe things weren't as perfect as they initially seemed. We were able to make this commitment to each other and then we haven't, you know, had sx yet. I know how I feel about it. Like, how do you feel about it? We are just so perfect on every level. Right. And I just don't want to throw that in the mix just yet. That's why I say I'm not in love with him, because if I was in love, I would have that infatuation, like... nothing else matters. The emotion was there because there were senses of guilt, senses of embarrassment, you know, getting my friends and family involved with it. Uh... Didn't even know how this would ever come to fruition and be portrayed to the masses. And honestly, it doesn't matter. So, I love the fact that I was able in that moment to share that. I think about all the takeaways I went through on the show, I've applied to my current relationship, and I've been able to be vulnerable and I've received it. My takeaway at this point is that I am not embarrassed by anything, uh, and that is why I'm supposed to be here. To hopefully impact others to make them feel supported in times of fear, in times of doubt. 'Cause there's nothing you can't overcome. I say Kenny for president. Right? So, um, Kelly, it was hard. At what point did you know you were gonna say, "I don't." Right, um... I can see now how emotional you are. Yeah. Um... I mean, from day one of watching the show back, it's definitely brought up every emotion. I cry not just from my journey but Carlton's. Everybody made me cry. I think with Kenny and my relationship, I think we both agreed to an "I don't" way before the wedding. And for me, it's like, although, yes, I was not that girl that planned everything of her wedding to a T as, like, a dream. "This is how my wedding's gonna be." But, like, I imagined how my wedding would be. I wanted a bridal shower. I wanted those things. I wanted the conventional. And, you know, I'm, like... You guys, like, I just... I don't know how you did it. I kept saying, "My head and my heart are not connecting. My head and my heart are not connecting. They're not in the right place." And... I think something for me is that, what I have learned, what I have reflected on, is the fact that... Kenny, you were amazing. You're a great guy. And I did love you. I did love you. I was not in love with you, as we mentioned, but... I did love you, and I wanted to continue our journey of dating and getting to know one another, you know? That didn't happen, and it's water under the bridge now, and I'm so happy for you and your relationship, but, um, I think I just needed time. For me, it's like, again, Kenny being such a great guy, I have friend-zoned a lot of those great guys in my life, and those are probably all the guys I should be marrying. Now, it's like, "Kelly, stop thinking, 'Well, we attract who we are.' Put it out there into the universe, like, what are you gonna accept now into your life?" Yeah. A love story that ended in two "I dos" is Amber and Barnett. What, what? Yes, you said, "I do," and she said, "I do." That's two "I dos." Okay. You guys pulled the trigger, you both said I do, you got married and it's been, what, over a year now? So how's it been? It's been a wild ride, I'd say. It's, uh... Lots of laughs. Yeah. Lot of fun. All we do is have fun. I mean... That's... Not all we do. We've had the normal, like, arguments and stuff that everybody probably has. But... shoot, I'm really excited that we found each other and have gotten to grow together over the last year. I mean, really, it's been crazy. It's been a great adventure. I'm really proud of how far we've come from where we were in the pods and how fast the process was. I know there is one point where we almost broke because we had such expectations out of what we wanted out of a husband and wife, and we knew we were married and we knew we were in love, but also... we were still learning each other. I was working as a cocktail waitress and there was a while I was making Matt so uncomfortable, like, I wasn't working. So, that was putting strain because I was so financially dependent on him, which... was new to me. I've never been financially dependent on somebody before. I've always had to figure that out for myself and had friends that helped me along the way, but being financially dependent on him was something that was totally new, and then I think him... Y'all saw how he liked to flirt with people, so, obviously, he was totally used to his bachelor life, and I was used to my bachelor life, too, but I think it took us a while to figure out how to hang out and party together, so... And be respectful. Yeah. Normally, in a relationship, as you're dating, you take time and you adjust to that, but we were married. So, immediately, we expected it to be different, to be changed. And we weren't giving it the time that it needed to adjust, to get used to it. Interesting. I, at one point, had actually called about potentially getting the divorce lawyer. I was like, "This isn't working." You threw the "D" word out? Something's not... Yeah. Different. Sorry, Mama Barnett, I love you. Just kidding. Um... I'm a stubborn asshl, so... I'm stubborn, too. So we butted heads a lot, and it took time to figure it out because when we were still in the bubble on the show, we hadn't really butted heads at that point 'cause everything was just so perfect. It was easy. But seeing how we both are so stubborn and strong-minded and bull-headed, when we butt heads, it could be bad, it could be intense. So, figuring out how to handle that, it made a huge difference for us. Yeah. We stopped trying to force what we expected on each other. And once that happened, you know, I don't know, it's just nothing but really good things since then. I love that you guys have found what you need to have a lasting relationship, and that is working on these challenges. You guys are happy, clearly. And that's a beautiful thing. It's great to see. So, for Mark and Jessica, their relationship kept us on the edge through the entire experiment. We wanted to see how this would unfold. So check out this clip. In the outside world, I would never have looked twice at Mark. I would've figured out his age, or maybe that he was a fitness instructor, and that would be something, maybe, I wouldn't have been into. Usually, I'm someone who runs before commitment. But Mark has exceeded every expectation. Taking those vows, it's a huge commitment. And it's something I take very seriously. Jessica, what's it like for you to watch that over and watch your relationship with Mark on the show? Yeah, um... Actually, I looked down, 'cause I've seen it all. I don't need to see it again. Um... Yeah, it's tough, you know, because watching it back, it was obvious that I was working through some things. I just didn't really like the person that I saw. And the things that played out, obviously, I was really uncomfortable, and I was drinking too much, and that was really disturbing to see play out. And some of the comments I made, um, that were derogatory... And that certainly wasn't fair to Mark, who's a fantastic person. And, obviously, very, very attractive. I've gotten a lot of messages about that and that was never a concern whatsoever, and you knew that. I need to start with a friendship which, ultimately, that's not a good situation to sign yourself up for when you need something that's gonna maybe progress a little bit slower. Mark, I wanna ask you what, in your opinion, was the reason or maybe reasons that it didn't work out with Jessica? Um... Wow. Um, I think we were just two people trying to figure it out. We got engaged in ten days, you know? And I think that you get into this situation and maybe we just... Even myself, I didn't realize how much all of it was, how intense it was. And I think we were just both trying to figure it out. And she is a phenomenal woman. I still, to this day, a year and a half has gone by, and I learned so many values. And so, I still have so much respect for you, no matter what happened and what went down. Um, I've become a better man. I know you are introspective. And I know you've done the same thing. I couldn't be more thankful to go through it with someone like you. And I think that's why, if anybody asks us why, like, "Oh, Mark kinda, like, feels strung along." No, we did have really powerful, strong moments even when we were in person. It's almost like I blinded myself, no pun intended, because I had these, kind of, thoughts about the age difference and I annoyed the living hell out of myself. It's tough watching it back. Um... But seeing the connection that we had, obviously, that surpassed any differences that we had, which we found out were many. I think we just needed more time. Yeah. I agree. And to commit to him that that was going to be forever, he didn't deserve that, 'cause I wasn't there. I will say and, like, I know that we're all here to clear the air and everything. I wish you would've told me the Barnett... I thought we cleared the air about that. Like, if you were still having recurring feelings for Barnett or anybody else that was in the experience, I felt like that was an obstacle we could've tackled together. Yeah, so I just saw the behaviors that I have in the real world, where I normally go after something that's unavailable. And I think you see that I kinda struggle with just accepting and understanding that people can love you and accept you for who you are. And also, I was served whiskey, you know? Like I said, the comment was not something that I ever should've said and that's truthfully not how I felt in the moment, so I don't know how to answer it. I really didn't have those feelings for him at that time. Um... But the pressure and what you were feeling that day, like, I still remember it. And I am sorry that we got sucked into this vacuum and I'm sorry that we didn't get that chance and opportunity to really get to know each other and get to know each other's friends, family, and what we stand for, but in the end, I still respect you, and I'm still thankful for all of this, and I know that no matter what you decide to do moving forward, you're gonna be even better off, and, like, kicking ass, so... I was always honest, and I get a lot of hate for that, you know? You told me how you felt. I was always honest from day one. It wasn't fair, for sure. So, I'm sorry. You never made me Italian beef, by the way. You said that the first day, and you still haven't. I forgot about that. I'm just kidding. We could make it happen. It's not too late for that. Well, obviously, while not every relationship has a fairy-tale ending, Lauren and Cameron's relationship had the happy ending everybody was rooting for. Before, I wasn't really that happy, to be honest. Mmm-hmm. I think it was because I felt like I was missing you. I've never had a man so, just, willing to show me how much he loves me. So you gotta catch us up. How is married life? How's it been? We really started to get to know each other more. And do things together that we've never done. I mean... And coming from different backgrounds, as they said so much on the show! But we're able to teach each other things that the other may not have experienced or enjoyed. I feel like Cameron has opened my eyes to so many things. Like, he teaches me stuff every day. He's so loving, he's so genuine. He got me a puppy. We have a fur baby. Life is good. I think people often think that changing who you are is a negative thing. Lauren's an amazing woman, obviously. We all know that. Just being with her, I feel, like, changed me in many ways. Watching the show back, I mean, it was still me, but I feel like I've evolved over time... Me too. ...because I've become more like her in a lot of ways. I don't think that changes either, after you get married. It's just like you kinda continue to evolve into each other. I actually wanted to know whose idea was the fur baby. Oh, me. That was a part of, like... I was like, "If we get married, I have to get a puppy." That was in our marriage agreement. The thing for my mom was she had known that I had always said I would never date a woman who wanted to have a dog, which sounds crazy, in retrospect. She knew it was true love because I told her, "Yeah, we're gonna get a dog and that was something we agreed on." She was sold. She knew it was true love. His name's Sparks. Sparks! Because the sparks flew. Oh, that's so cute! That thing that you do. It's cheesy, but it's cute. It's so cute. Like, we got a fur baby, and that was like, we're then committing to see what we would be like as parents. Oh, yeah. Are y'all excited about that opportunity? Is that, like, actively happening? We're definitely excited. We've talked about, "Our kids could look like anything. From this to this, it could be Drake, it could be Barack Obama." Who knows, you know? So we are just... One day. They'll be gorgeous. Hopefully, soon. Oh, thank you. We gotta talk about Dad for a bit. Oh, yeah. Papa Speed. Papa Speed. He kept it real. Mr. Big. If I think about how it would be if my daughter came to me and said, "I'm marrying someone you don't know and have never met," I can only imagine. And I met through a wall. You're a white guy, she's a black woman. Let's talk about that. I had a serious relationship prior to meeting Lauren. We dated for five years. Okay. She was a black woman. I've experienced being in an interracial relationship where, you know, people have issues. Well, that's not everything, but it's going to play a factor to how you live in the world. Your daughter is the most amazing woman I've ever met. I fell in love with her without ever having seen her. I don't judge you by anything other than how you treat her. I appreciate that. Okay, let's see how this goes. Lauren's dad, I mean, I love him, you know. And we're family. I mean, he loves Lauren so much. And, um... Here we go, crying again. He's gonna cry! I mean, we have that in common. And also, too, I mean... Lauren has a strong connection with her father. So... I mean, it makes sense that I would love him too, because, you know... Mmm. She's emulated him in a lot of ways. She's her own person, but they have a lot in common. At first, I was kinda nervous, because me and my dad are so close. Sorry. And I've never really introduced him to a boyfriend. So for me to introduce Cameron as my fianc for the first time, like, him ever meeting anybody, that was a lot on its own. But, for me, it was kinda scary. But Cameron was cool as a fan the whole time. He's like, "I'll win him over. It's all good. I'll just be me." Um, so, of course, I was nervous, but, you know, I'm happy that things turned out great. Both of our families are so important to us. I love Cameron's family. His mom, his dad, his sister. I visited Maine a couple of times. They showed me the deers. Honey, I was out there in the apple orchard. It was great! So... I mean, me coming from Detroit, the city, that's like a whole new world to me. I felt like Jasmine in Aladdin, on the carpet... It was... Yeah, but, I mean, it's beautiful just how our families have blended and merged. Like, we just had... I feel like I'm snotty... No, we got a tissue right here, girl. He has a hankie! Stop it! We just had Thanksgiving together for the first time with both of our families recently, and that was, like, so beautiful to see. Like, our dads getting together, bonding, drinking bourbon, like, our moms baking in the kitchen, the dog running crazy. It was like, "Wow!" It was such a beautiful moment. I'm... I'm... I'm getting emotional, too, because it's... Sorry! And I just commend your families and all of your families who are coming together to accept you for who you are and to trust your judgment and opinion. This is true, real, and who you are. This is the man you love and your dad accepted that. So you can honestly, truly say love is blind. I truly believe that you guys are finding yourself, if not have found yourselves, through this process. And sometimes, it took a route of finding a guy and going to Mexico with him. Right. Sometimes, it took a route of saying some stuff on TV that is cringeworthy. And sometimes it took a route of running down the streets of Atlanta, Georgia in a wedding dress. Fastest I've ever ran in my life. And I am just... I'm so amazed, and honestly... I believe that Nick and I have said this, that this was called a social experiment. A love experiment, if you will. But, ultimately, these are your real emotions. This is your heart. Absolutely. Even if the end result wasn't marriage for all in this love experiment, it clearly affected how each of you looks at love and relationships today. We've all learned a lot from this. Mark, what have you learned walking away from this experience? I think that all of the things that we went through prepared me for who I'm supposed to be. And that's why I'm forever thankful for this experience. Yeah, and I think, now, I'm standing much stronger, much more, kind of, independent, knowing who I am. And I'm going to be much... I'm gonna be ready. Once I find the right person. I've definitely learned that at the moment that you feel like you love someone and they love you, there's no fear involved in love. Um, you should be able to let go and just completely be yourself. Yeah, like, everything at the core of it is love. Self-love, in particular. If you can't accept yourself, your flaws, your great moments, the things that you think are so cringeworthy that you're afraid to show that other person, if you can't accept those, then you're not gonna be able to allow someone in. All right, you guys, one last round of "Raise your hands if." Should we do it? Even if marriage wasn't in it for you guys, raise your hands if you think love really can be blind. Wow. Wow. Yeah? I think we leave it there. That says it all. That says it all. Thank you again to these wonderful humans, these incredible individuals who have opened up their hearts. And then opened themselves up again to share how they're doing now, so, again, thank you for your honesty. Thank you for giving all of yourselves to this experiment. And thank you for loving each other. Love is Blind, season one, down in the books.Loved ones gather while the remaining couples prepare to become husbands and wives. Who will say "I do," and who will leave the experiment alone? I'm Vanessa Lachey. I'm obviously Nick Lachey, her husband. Welcome to the blind love experiment. Hello, hello. Hello. Here, you will choose someone to marry without ever seeing them. Amber, will you marry me? Yes. Whoo! Once you're engaged, you'll finally get to see your fianc for the very first time. Oh, my God. And you're going to attempt to grow your emotional connection into a physical one. mthrfckr. Listen for two seconds. I have been listening. Dude, if I'm 24, I don't want to be having kids. Again, I'm not your average 24-year-old. You're like the first white guy I've dated. And in just four weeks, you'll be at your wedding. Will you say "I do" to the person you chose, sight unseen? Of course I do. Or are you going to walk away from them forever? Damian Powers, do you take Giannina Milady Gibelli to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, so long as you both shall live? I do not. Okay. Giannina... Okay. Okay. I do love you. Okay. Since day one, I... Mm-hmm. I've wanted this. I've wanted to marry you. I have... I've stayed consistent all the way through this. Okay. And... Okay. You have not. I can't handle the ups and downs... I understand. .. of you loving me one day, and saying you want to be friends the next. I did not. It would be selfish of me to marry you today, knowing as much as you tell me you're ready, I see that you're not. Just get me out of here. Giannina... How dare you? Get out of my face. G... Giannina. Please, please, leave me alone. Leave me the fck alone. I'm out of here. Get me out of here. I'm done. Giannina! Everything is sht. Uh-huh. Ideally, you would have said no and he would have said yes. Not the reverse, because this way it hurts more. I know. This shouldn't happen. Who does that? You should have said no, no? You should have said no, too. Don't cry. I'm okay. I'm okay. You almost fainted there. I almost died. Buddy. Stand up. You all right, man? What happened, buddy? She ran. She ran? That is the hardest thing I've ever done. I know. I could tell. I wanted to say yes. I wanted to. Even though she was all-in today, it was... It was one... It's one day she's been all-in, through everything we've been through. And I respect it, I love that. Like, it made me... I wasn't sure if she was going to say yes. And when she did, it melted my heart and broke it at the same time because... in that moment, I was like, "This isn't right," because she's saying yes, but everything she showed me, her actions, her words, everything otherwise said that she is not ready for marriage I feel like I just broke her heart. It sucks. But I need somebody that's all-in... every day. Not just some. I need to talk to him. Ay, Giannina. Yes. My heart... is literally in a million pieces. I was hurt. Hurt. I want to punch him in the face. But right now, I'm going to figure out why this happened to me. I'm so sorry. You couldn't have told me? Like, for real? I didn't know. You didn't know? You didn't know? I almost said "I do." Okay. What the fck happened? What happened? Please, sit down. Let's talk. Apparently, that's the one thing that we can't do. So right now, we are going to talk. Please sit. In that moment, it was... beautiful. Everything you said was perfect. Everything felt so right. But that's one moment for the rest of my life. For the rest of our lives. That's such a beautiful excuse, darling. Because what you said up there was bullshit. How dare you? I'm sorry you took it like that. I... Um, you're sorry I took it like that. Listen, Damian, seriously. I didn't want to get my heart broken, so I pushed you away. Great. You kept coming back to me. Why did you keep coming back even though I was putting you down What's wrong with you? So why is it that all of this is blamed on me? This is the problem. You're making it about you. It's both of us that went through this. You literally blamed it all on me. I always treated you with kindness, even when I was in adversity, even when I was uncertain and I didn't know what I wanted. This is what you do. What? This is what you do. What? You don't realize what you say and how you say it. And you know what? Get out of my face, please. I'm not in your face, G. But what I'm telling you is you did that to me and you said yes. You blamed everything on me, and all I did was tell you how I felt, and I wanted to work everything out with you. G... I wanted to work it out so bad. This is you running... So bad! ...and I'm trying to talk to you right now. What I am asking you is not to run. I love you. I'm in love with you, and I always will be. And I know what happened today was embarrassing and you'll never forgive me for it. And I'm sorry. You messed up. Honestly... that was such bullshit. You can take your bow back. I told the woman I loved "I do not" at the altar. And I broke both of our hearts in that moment. But if you ask me, "Is love blind," the answer is simple. Love is blind. No matter where we end up or where we go, this was mine and Giannina's love story. This is how it goes. I can't say it's over. We may need time apart. But it doesn't mean we won't be part of each other's lives again. I would like to think so, anyways. The morning of my wedding is a disaster. My fianc is having cold feet. I got a text from Barnett. He's... He's freaking out. Which obviously doesn't put me at ease. And I asked, "What's on your mind? What's wrong? Are you getting cold feet?" And he said, "Yeah." So I tried to call him. And he didn't answer. So I tried to call him again, he didn't answer. It's not exactly, uh... reassuring. I don't know what else I can do. Strings all choked with rust Can't play that sweet song anymore Haunted by a memory Today is my wedding day, and I'm... I'm kind of having a little bit of a... a freak-out. I woke up this morning with this giant pit in my stomach, basically, and it was like... my whole life before this point flashed before my eyes. I took a shower and I started tearing up in the shower just because it was so much. But I built that emotional connection with Amber. I did fall in love with her in the pods, but if I'm going to spend the rest of my life with this person, I want to make sure that it's going to be someone that I am going to be happy with forever. You have makeup credit card debt? I do. Oh, and there's my student debt from where I never graduated college. I don't want you to be jumping into something because of... how you guys met. Are you willing to give up everything for this person? Everything? So, what if there is an issue between me and somebody in your family? Can you manage that? Can you stand up to them? Whose side are you going to be on? I don't know. It's the biggest decision of my life. I'm not sure what I'm going to do yet. But it's so freaking difficult. Oh God-dang it. Aww. Try to get back on my feet But every single time I do I can't get my heart to be straight 'Cause my heart has been removed How can I put me back together How can I fix this open wound Oh, my gosh. Wow. Are you excited, you nervous? What? All of the above. Barnett's freaking out about the wedding, and instead of talking to me he clams up, and that's hard. And normally it's something that I can... I know that I have to deal with, because that's who he is. He's not... An open person. He's not a huge talker about it. He doesn't talk about his feelings a lot. And that's something that, even when we started dating in the pods, that was something I was, working on really hard. So what made him be the one, Amber? I felt like the very first time we ever talked, I felt like he could be my best friend. Magical things happen on wedding days, you know. I need all the magic today. I love you. I know. I love Barnett an indescribable amount, and I'm just ready. I just want to be living day-to-day life. Like, I'm ready to have my best friend that I can share my life with. I knew from the get-go, from our very first meeting. Do you want kids, Barnett? Do I have kids? Wait, do you have kids? That's a question, too. Not that I know of. No, I'm kidding. My favorite was Barnett. He made me laugh so much. Hi. Hello. Hi. Hi. Oh, God. Oh, my God. Wow. Hi. Holy sht. Hello. Hi. Hi. We're just a little bit different. Different enough that it works. You complete me. With everything that we have... been through already, I guess I'd say my biggest fear about this is that I get down the aisle and... Matt still isn't sure. All right. Oh, my gosh. Ready? Uh, no. Getting there? Yeah, me neither. I love you. Stop crying. You're my baby, Amber. Mom. I'm sorry. I love you so much. Don't cry. Mm. Well, let's get you married, my girl. Oof. They should be here. We've been sitting here for an hour and a half. Oh, Lord. Ready? Yes. Oh, gosh. This is a commitment. This is the big moment of your life. I love you. Love you, Mom. Ladies and gentlemen, the groom and his beautiful mother. Slow down. Slow down. Geez. I'm not crying. It's hot in here. Oh, gosh. My little girl, all grown up. Now remember, no matter what, something worth having is something worth fighting for. I know. And you never give up. I've been fighting for this since day one. The moment has arrived. Would you please stand in honor of the bride? Okay? I guess. You're not supposed to have to fight for it all the time. I told you that, too. Make up your mind, woman. It is supposed to be there naturally, Amber Lynn. It was there naturally. Okay. Would you make up your mind what you want me to do? You said if it's worth having, fight for it. You said you shouldn't have to fight for it. I did both. I found both. It was there naturally, and I did have to fight for it. Well, I wish you luck. Thank you. Please be seated. Who presents this bride to be wed? I do. Thank you. Amber and Matthew, you chose to get engaged and spend the rest of your life together based on an incredible emotional connection. You fell in love with who each of you are on the inside, and you decided to get married before ever seeing one another. Amber, if you will please share your thoughts. Never... have I ever in my life met a man that irks my nerves like you do. I found my love of a lifetime. That's all I got. You're going to mess up my makeup. I never thought that this would ever happen. I never came into this thinking that I would find anyone like you. You are amazing, you're beautiful, inside and out. So... Amber and Matthew, you stand together in the presence of God to decide whether or not to face life together as husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever. Now is the time to decide if love is blind. Amber, do you take Matthew to be your lawfully wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, as long as you both shall live? The fact that, even when you're making me crazy, I still am so in love with you I can't help myself. I do. I will. Absolutely. All right. Yes. You have become so much more than I expected. And I'm excited that you get to keep becoming more with me. Matthew, do you take Amber to be your lawfully wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, as long as you both shall live? Hold me now I'm slipping on candlelight Hold me now As we walk into the night Oh, I do. A hundred percent. I can't... I can't imagine a life without you. Good, because you are stuck. I now pronounce you married! Mm. Mm. Uh-uh. Whoo! I love you. I love you. Whoo! Ladies and gentlemen, the bride and groom! Love you. Love you. Oh, yeah. Hey, guess what. What? You're my husband. I think you have my last name now, so... I, um... We're going to make that happen. Amber Barnett. Doesn't sound as good now. You know... I'm kidding! Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. I could never have imagined that this experiment was gonna end this way for me. It's unreal that Kelly is going to be my wife. Honestly, I had given up hope and given up thinking about, like, the idea of even being married, just because I couldn't find that right person. I know that I need to be with you, and you're exactly the person that I've been looking for. And I want to ask you, Kelly Marie... will you marry me? I will. Yes. I love you today, and that love will remain, but I can't wait to learn to love you even more. I love you too. How you doing? Hi. Oh, my God! I'm a big, big believer in serendipity, and this is one of those serendipitous moments, and everything is just so clear. That's where I feel right now. Just happiness. Heyo. Yo. What's up, man? What's going on? Bossman. Good to see you. I love the 'stache. Thank you, thank you. What's up? Good. I fell in love with Kelly, sight unseen because we were both honest with each other. I learned who she is, truly. This is a big moment, wedding day. A little... A little surreal. That's an understatement of a lifetime. Yeah. She's genuine, she's ambitious, she's passionate, and she's the woman that I want to spend the rest of my life with. Fellas, you guys want to check out the suits you'll be wearing? Let's do it. That I picked out for you guys? Oh, this is so pretty. We tend to fantasize our fairy-tale weddings and our fairy-tale Prince Charming, you know. Hi. Hi. Yay! Yay! Oh, hi, honey. Oh, hi. You know... I love you. I love Kenny. He's absolutely perfect. Hi, honey. Hi. But I am nervous because I don't know if I am, like, 100% in love with him. Did you learn a lot about yourself? I did, yeah. What did you learn? I mean, I knew that I... was capable of loving someone for their personality, of course. Um... Would you have talked to him if you saw him before? No, I probably wouldn't have. The love that I had for my ex-boyfriend... I mean, my mom has said this for years. She was like, "You were infatuated with him." I don't have that same crazy infatuation for Kenny, as I did with this man. We were able to make this commitment to each other, and then we haven't, you know, had sx yet. I know how I feel about it. Like, how do you feel about it? We are just so perfect on every level. Right. And I just, like, don't want to throw that in the mix just yet. That's why I keep saying I'm not in love with him, because if I was in love, I would have that infatuation, like... nothing else matters. But obviously I'm conflicted. Maybe what my whole definition of what "in love" is supposed to feel like is not right. You look beautiful. Thank you. You're welcome. I know there's, like, so much makeup on my face, but... You won't be able to tell. Yeah. So, how are you feeling about the wedding? I mean, I'm... you know, having the decision of, if I say "I do," and if I don't. Um... and, like, what life would look like in both of those extremes. Um, so, me saying "I do," I know that everything would be great, because our, our relationship is so solid. If I say "I don't," it's simply because we're not... It's not the right time. So I've, like, weighed both scenarios out. What are some of your cons? If I were to say "I do," and something were to happen, like, that's what the only, like, fear that I have is that... it doesn't work out. So you still have a little hesitancy going into it? Yeah, and it's like another thing I think of is this engagement has been so short-lived, it's like... But are we still in the, like... Are we just in a honeymoon phase? I do believe that we are both completely true to ourselves, and we're being very real. But even when you're real, you have a honeymoon phase. Right. And is it just happy and rainbows and butterflies right now because we haven't known each other that long, and we haven't had a relationship in a long time. Right. And it's just a beautiful thing that we've connected with someone, but in four months from now, are we still gonna be in that same... So it's the fear of the possibilities of it changing. Yeah. I just have to believe myself and listen to my heart. I feel excited for her and Kenny and everything going on, and I feel nervous for just how she feels. I do think she wants Kenny, but sometimes in life you get an opportunity and if you don't jump on it, sometimes you miss the boat. You know, I met Kenny briefly. He was, like, very intelligent. Confident, too. Funny... Mm-hmm. .. and well-spoken, and he seems very trustworthy. He's been one of the better, if not the best, so far, of the men that you've brought in. So, you know, just maybe when you're walking down the aisle, when you're looking at him, I'm sure, eye to eye... Yeah. ...that you recognize what the beauty of the relationship is with him and then kind of go through all of that, even in your mind because I know you don't know, and I don't know exactly what your decision is gonna be on the altar. Right. Because things can change from now to then. I want to see her smiling and happy every day, and this man, Kenny, becoming her husband, her spouse, and the man that she loves. I just hope that when she gets to altar she makes the decision that's right for her heart in this moment and knows that she is walking into a very good relationship. The risks, the great risks in life, you got to take that jump. Thank you. You're welcome. Give me a hug. I love you. Y'all been drinking? Yeah, we've been drinking a little bit. Come here, baby. I'm being responsible. Oh... How are you doing? A little anxious. You anxious? A little bit. So, how you doing? Is this your little journal? This is my journal, yeah. Just writing some notes, thoughts. So what are you thinking? In the past... Uh... I'm just excited. It's all positive things because it's just that next step for me and her to take and continue our journey together. The greatest advice I can give you is to ask God to let you see your spouse through His eyes. Yeah. It feels surreal to be the mother of a groom in a situation like this. I love that Kenny is getting married, and I'm excited because family is the most important thing to me, and I can see Kelly fitting into our family. So that makes me very happy. I'm so glad you're our son. You're good, Mom. My only son. I just want you to find somebody who loves you as much as I do. She does and I'm so thankful for it. That's what this has showed me. Well, you know it. Love you. I'm down here crying in basements. I know. Yeah. I need some wine. Hi, honey. Hi, I can take your bag. Thank you. Aww. You look pretty. So do you. You look beautiful. Thank you. Today, I am the mother of the bride. It's exciting. It's very exciting. It looks real pretty. Thank you. Thank you. Don't mess up your makeup. It looks gorgeous. You do. I don't want to cry. It's okay, you can cry. No, because you look too pretty. Don't cry. You're going to make me cry. But you're happy? And excited? Yeah. Okay. I'm okay. After I put my dress on and everything, it feels surreal. It does feel like that fairy tale that every little girl... imagined. Aww. These are so pretty. I love Kenny, and getting married to someone is a freaking big deal, and it is going to be emotional. I'm already preparing myself for that. All right. Here we go. Here we go. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ This time, this time There's no turning back Rise and fall And shine or faint to black We'll never give up We'll never give in It's now or never Are you in This time The last time I did this was 32 years ago. Walking down the aisle? With my dad. It's uh... It is nerve-wracking. His arm was vibrating the entire time. Am I vibrating? No, you're good. Yeah. You're good. I still feel this same love that I've had for Kelly this entire time. She is exactly the woman that I've been looking for. I mean, I feel certain about what I'm about to, you know, do. So above anything else, I'm just excited. Love you. I love you. Ready to walk? Yes, I'm ready. This time, this time There's no turning back It's now or never Are you in This time How's it going? Good. Hey. How y'all doing? I don't know if it's appropriate, but I'm gonna talk to you all either way. Nice to see you. Yeah, nice to finally... Nice to see you again. Nice to see you. Yeah. Are you okay? Yeah. Four glasses of champagne, I'm good. Oh, dear. Here it is... the land of no return. Kenny is extremely supportive, and he's my best friend, my confidant, my person. Having a partner to love for the rest of my life means... everything, and it's a very big commitment. And I am definitely not taking it lightly. So I'm just very anxious. Um, just want to let you know how proud I am of you. Thank you. I really am. I know, I know. I love you. I love you. Ladies and gentlemen, will you please rise for the bride? One night Changed my life forever Kelly's absolutely gorgeous. She's even more beautiful than I could have ever imagined and I am immensely happy. It was like, holy smokes, like, this is me and her. Moonlight, surrounded by the city Thank you, man. We fell in love, right there Do you remember? 'Cause I remember You still take my breath away You may be seated. Family and friends, we are gathered here today for something amazing holy matrimony. Marriage. Love is unpredictable, especially in these circumstances. The both of you fell in love and got engaged sight still unseen. It was all based on just your deep connection, your emotional connection that you guys made. It became clear in a short amount of time that Kenneth and Kelly found exactly what they were looking for. We fell in love, right there Do you remember? You know, not only did we meet um, by complete happenstance and to have thought that going into this experiment that we would be here right now is unbelievable and I know that everyone that is here, uh, for the most part, are blind supporters of you, and I want you to understand that. You know, we haven't had an opportunity to talk to the majority of people in this room, or for them to meet you, and for them to meet me, and it doesn't matter, right? Because we know what we've experienced. I have nothing but love for your family, that we have their support, and they're here for us, thick and thin, and the only thing that also matters is that I will always be here for you. No matter what. And I can't wait to be a continued part of your life. I'm going to cry. This experiment, um... I mean, it brought me to you, someone who is so fabulous in every single aspect. You know, and, and this has been a wild ride, and I am grateful that it has... been with you because you've been nothing but supportive, and I appreciate every single moment that I shared with you. And I love you. I know. Now is the time to decide if love is blind. Together in the presence of friends and family, we will discover if you will walk together in life as husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever. Kelly, do you take Kenneth to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, in sickness and in health, forsaking all others, committed only to him, so long as you both shall live? I absolutely adore you and love you. I love you. But I don't. I can't marry you. Um... and I hope that you can appreciate that and respect that decision of mine. Thank you. Obviously, this is just a whirlwind for everyone, and again, don't want to dive too deep into it, and delve... Because you take something that is so complex, and it is authentic, and it is real, but today is not our day. Um, but I love each and every one of y'all, and it's something that I'll cherish and be grateful for forever. God, I love this guy. Yeah. I know that wasn't easy for you, and mom and dad especially. It's okay. I had to be the one to say "I don't." That's not easy. I'm 33. I should know what the fck I want right now. Excuse my language, but I should know what I want. And I... And he's checking off every box, but my love... My, my feelings for him were not as intense as his apparently are for me. So, I really do love you. And I appreciate you being here. I love you, too. Yeah, me too. Some days it's hard To see If I was a fool You still wanna marry her in the future? I really can't answer that question now. And it's completely... You have to respect the fact that I'm telling you this. I don't know, and please stop recording this, because it's not... It's... That's wrong. What? What you're asking me. How you feel about Kelly? This is not about how I feel about Kelly. I'm not going to have things filmed. Please stop recording, Jimmy. We're not getting married. I don't know if we're going to maintain a relationship, and, quite honestly, it doesn't matter either way. But I'm not going to speak to that. So you don't know if you're going to stay with her? It doesn't matter. I'm not answering that. Just... it's very upsetting. It all fell down It all fell down It all fell It all fell down It all fell down It's my wedding day and I couldn't be happier. Six weeks ago, I was looking for the can't-eat, can't-sleep, over-the-fence, World Series-type of love, and I have it. I found full-blown love like I've never experienced before. You know, having Mark by my side, who is such an amazing incredible person... He's changed me for the better and that is why you marry someone. My eyes open wide My heart beats like a radio Gonna tear down the wall It's my wedding day. Wow. It's kind of... to say that. I was so sure from the first time I heard Jess' voice, I knew that she was the one. And, honestly, to have that kind of emotional connection with someone without ever even seeing them is the most amazing thing that's ever happened to me. I feel like I made the right decision. I couldn't imagine going through this with anybody else. How's the bump? So good. I like it. I like it a lot. It's perfect. It's not too much, but it's just enough. Yeah. You like it? Yeah, I like that. In just a few hours from now, we'll be walking down the aisle, exchanging vows, and I'm just ready. I'm more ready than ever. I couldn't have asked to be in this with anyone else. Jessica, you have my heart and there's nobody in this world that I would rather spend the rest of my life with. Will you marry me? Yes. Of course I will. I want to kiss you. I want to hug you. I love you. Oh, God. Today, has been, like, the most important day, I think, throughout this entire thing because I just feel you. We're finally being ourselves. Yeah. I'm definitely on the same page. You know, I felt much more closer to you right now than I have. You embody everything that I've ever wanted, and I realized that tonight. I love you, babe. Loves ya. Whoa! What up? What's up? What up? What's up, dude? My guys being here in support of my relationship with Jess... What's up, dude? What's up, bro? That to me means the world because I think, at first, we're worried about what they're gonna say, but when they support you, it's just... I couldn't be happier. Salud. Cheers! I'm glad you guys are here. Seriously. Hello. Hey. Look at you, pretty girl. Hi, beautiful. You look so good! And gorge. You guys look so pretty. You look beautiful. You look perfect. I feel like a bride today. Obviously, I've got the dress, and I feel all those little butterflies. Oh! All right. I think I've got a really good support system and I'm feeling great. I know that you've been hopeful that this is all going to work out and I actually admire that about you because I'm the type of person that's, like, if I don't know for sure something's going to happen, I shut it down and I keep myself out of it so I don't get hurt. So what are you hoping is going to happen today? You know, for me, what I hope... I'll start off with that. What I hope happens today is we say "I do." If she says "yes," I know I can be the man I need to be. She says "no," it's going to hurt. It's going to be... it's going to be painful, but I know where I stand, and no matter what has had happened, the ups, the downs, the hot, the cold, when I see her, it's still the same. She's my person. How are you? Um... Are you excited? I'm excited. Mm-hmm. I'm nervous too, but I'm excited. Mm-hmm. Mark is everything I've ever wanted. I definitely, wholeheartedly, fell in love more so than I've ever been, but the person I fell in love with in the pod, where it was so insulated and you were just having an emotional conversation and an emotional connection, was a totally different experience in the real world. I'm someone who wants kids. Dude, if I'm 24, I don't want to be having kids in, like, a year. You know? Like, that's, like... Look. ...very young. Just... It doesn't bother me. It doesn't scare me. I don't think the age matters. I think the thing for me is, like, my 20's were so amazing. With him, I'm, like, are you sure that you would want to give that up? I mean, that's a really prime time of your life. In the outside world, I would have never looked twice at Mark. I would have, you know, figured out his age or maybe that he was a fitness instructor, and that would be something maybe I wouldn't have been into. Usually, I am someone who runs before a commitment, but Mark has exceeded every expectation. Taking those vows, it's a huge commitment, and it's something I take very seriously. Hello. What's up? What's up, my baby? Hi. How are you, my love? I'm good. Yeah? You're ready? Yeah. Wow. Wow. Oh, God. Are you going to pass out? No, I'm not. If you are going to pass out, you have to let me know. It's crazy. I'm about to walk down the aisle. If Jess says... If Jess says "I do," I mean, that "yes" would mean the world. That's my woman. That's my little person who I fought for the entire time. But who knows? Maybe she still battling reality to the experience. And if she says no, it's going to hurt. It's going to be physically painful. Game time. No turning back now. Baby, I love you with all my heart. God bless you. I think he cares a lot for her, so I'm hoping that she feels the same. That's my best hope. I always put everything in God's hands. Everything happens for a reason. Let's run away. No, probably not. You and I. Come on. Ah, we're here now. Nope, we're good. You guys, please welcome your groom. Good luck. In the stillness of the night I see your face Connected by the stars Come on. I can still trace The spark I locked away Deep in the dark Hidden in the depths of my heart So that No one can ever put out The fire you bring The heavens still sing To hold you again Today, we celebrate love. You guys, please rise for the bride. Body and soul I'll never put out The fire you bring The heavens still sing Holding your flame fck. Painting my skies It's orbiting my mind And my desires In your black hole eyes I'm losing control You're pulling me in She's perfect. She's beautiful. But when I look at Jess, I don't see the external. I see her heart, I see her soul, I see everything. That's going to be my wife. I'll never let go I'll never be the same And I'll fly from heaven and hell We're not supposed to do that yet. Oh, sorry. We are gathered here to celebrate something very special, the joining together of two lives into holy matrimony, better known as marriage. Jessica and Mark, in this blind love experiment, you chose to get engaged and spend the rest of your lives together with someone you had not seen. True love grew, not from what you look like on the outside, but what you saw on the inside of each other. It's okay. Jessica, I want you to know that no matter what the ups, the downs, the highs, the lows, is that I've loved you from the first time that you said, "Hey," which is crazy to even say. I walked in that room and I knew that you were different from the rest. It's been, you know, a lot. I love that. Mark. Marky Mark. Thank you for putting me here. You've been my rock since day one, not just because you felt like home, but because you opened me up to new experiences, talking about things that I had never opened up about. And you really pushed me. You changed me for the better. Thank you for being so open, so consistent with me, and always being my biggest cheerleader. I love you. I love you. Jessica, Mark, this is the time to make a commitment to be husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever. Now's the time to decide if love is blind. Mark Anthony Cuevas, do you take Jessica Nicole Batten to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, in sickness and in health, so long as you both shall live? I do. This is your heart to break Yours to love Yours to love Jessica Nicole Batten, do you take Mark Anthony Cuevas to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, and keep him, in sickness and in health, so long as you both shall live? I love you. I cannot. I'm so proud of us for... getting through the ups and downs, but I don't think either one of us is ready to take this on, but I do want you to know that I do love you so very much, and I've always been truthful with you because I respect you so much as a man. And you always have a very special place in my heart. So embarrassing for her. I know, right? Oh, fck. All I want you to be is okay. Listen, listen. I don't... Like, I am going to be okay. That's all I need, baby. And I don't... I'm gonna be okay. I'm not... Whatever happens, like... Again, I'm going to be okay. Because that's all I have shown is strength throughout all of this, I am going to continue to be that. That's all I want. And I'm going to be okay. That's all I need to know. That you are going to be okay. I'm going to be fine, Mom. Because, you know... Me, I'm there for you. I know. Day and night. And we can talk and we can cry together because, as your mom, I feel... my heart, you know... My baby. I know I can make you Forget everything I know i can help you follow dreams So lost Crash into me So lost Having to say no to someone at the altar is not anything anyone ever wants to do, but I'm not walking out of here with reservations, with a wedding band on my finger. There's no way in hell. Like, I've been around the block, my parents are divorced, and I'm too much of a realist to take this big of a chance. I'm not going to do it. And I guess I'll apologize to whoever I need to apologize to, but I'm not going to apologize to myself because I'm not actually sorry. I'm going to be okay. Come on let's write a new story Time is our friend And life is our glory Come on let's write a new story Time is our friend And life is our glory Oh, my God. This is so pretty. Hi, I'm Lauren. Hi, Lauren. I'm Nat. So you guys are my glam team? Yes! Okay, get me together. Get me together, okay? I can't believe that I'm actually here, like, on this day, my wedding day. Oh, the dress. This is unreal. It is just crazy to think that, you know, a couple months ago, I was single. I was living the life. And the journey has just brought me here. Oh, my gosh. Cameron. Taking over every part In every inch of me All the world can see I let it show Before, I wasn't really that happy, to be honest. I think it was because I felt like I was missing you. Aww. This just feels like nothing that I've ever experienced because I've never had a man so, just, willing to... show me how much he loves me. I've finally found where I belong Mm. I'm holding on and I'm not letting go I never thought this day would come. I never thought, going into this experiment, that I would ever meet someone, let alone be standing here, ready to get married. How's it going? Good, buddy. Nice to see you. Thanks for coming down. Today is obviously one of the biggest days of my life, and the decision of whether or not to get married... I mean, it's going to change the whole trajectory of not just my life, but Lauren's life. Mother! Hey, sweetie! Hey, Mom! How are you? Good. Isn't this just wonderful? It is. Knowing Lauren, she'll try certain things just to see how it goes, but I can't say I'm totally confident because I've only seen them together for a couple hours, and this is an experiment, so... we'll see how it turns out. So, how do you feel? Nervous. I don't know. I never thought that I would see this day so soon. I feel a lot of different emotions right now. I mean, I'm happy, I'm excited. But, I mean, there's still a part of me that's very terrified. Even a little part of me that may feel a little unsure. Oh, really? Oh, Lauren. Don't cry. Cameron has made me feel unlike any man that I've ever known. We truly and honestly connected on levels so deep, but right now I'm still undecided. I think I won't really decide until the words actually come out of my mouth, and, regardless of what that decision is, I just hope that it's the best choice for me and Cameron. I felt so calm up until today, and now I'm starting to feel a little nervous. So what are you nervous about? I guess I'm just nervous about whether... she still wants to get married. Um, well, you already know that you're, like, the first white guy I've dated. Uh-huh. I want it to be your home. Yeah, you want me to live here with you? I do. I would love to. I do love my place. How would you feel if I kept it? Um, well... I don't know. Damn. The invitations just... make everything, like, you know... It's no turning back now. It's like, just pressure. We're getting married in not that much time. And, I mean, I still don't know completely what you're going to say. And I don't want to say a definite answer. I think that she's ready now, but... I don't know. I don't know for sure. Hi. Hi. Tiffany and Rachel! Hi. My bridesmaids are here. My good friend Tiffany... Look at this coat. ...and my first cousin Rachel. I love the fact that they're here to support me and my decision, no matter what it is, so that means a lot to me. La la la la love Don't need anything, but La la la la love Don't want anything, but All right, mom, you're good. Oh, all right. He looks like James Bond. Cameron Bond, right there. This is my way of... I guess... What? Yeah, I'm ready for a beer. This is crazy. I know. We were in Paris, living our best life. I know. Then I came home and got married. You just pop up like, "Hey, girl. Let's get something to eat." And she's like, "I'm engaged and I want you to be a bridesmaid." All within, eating the same... What was it? Salad? In the same bread. Yeah, like what the heck? In the same salad. This is crazy. Okay, Momma. Look at you! All right! Whose wedding is it, mine or yours? And she's coming in shrugging her shoulders. Yeah. Hi, everyone. Hey, Mom. Hi. Wow, they've got you in the wine cellar? How nice. How nice. Yeah. Oh, baby, how are you doing? Good, how are you, Mom? Mm, I don't even know. Can I say that? Yeah, you can say anything. I'm really happy that I'm getting some time with my mom. This is the hardest for her, and she feels like she's losing her baby boy. How are you feeling? Are you feeling okay about it? Not worried about anything? Let's just hope that she is still... still on board. You think she might not be? Uh... I mean, this is a crazy situation in many respects, so I don't think there'd be any shame if she said no or didn't, you know, whatever. Yeah. I wouldn't blame her. But you would be devastated. Of course I'd be devastated, yeah. Yeah. With Lauren, in no time at all, I knew I wanted to marry her, so if she were to say no, I don't know how long it would be until I would be all right again. Or if I would ever be all right again. I am taking a leap of faith. Even in the... you know, most sure situations, it is still a leap of faith. Yeah. Oh, boy. It's a big step. Did you ever think about me getting married? Um... No. You know, because you're still 12 in my mind. Yeah. You know. So, um, I'd like you to be 12 again. You know, I will always be your son. We love you. I love you too. We want the best for you, and I don't want your heart to be broken. I know. Okay, how does that feel? Oh, my God. Feels tight. Tight? I mean, but that's good I guess. Oh, my God. You look so pretty. Thank you. Okay, Mom. That fits like a glove. It does. This is it. Okay. I'm in the dress now. No turning back. Are your knees, like, knocking? My heart is like beating real hard. The thought of... me being a married woman, like, within the next hour gives me crazy anxiety. This is a wonderful, beautiful day, and we are so truly blessed, and we pray that our life, Lauren's life, and Cameron's life will come together as one. I'm trying so hard to figure it out Everything just seems so heavy now You know, it's a lifelong commitment, and I don't think that it's anything to play with, and I take it very seriously. Daddy! Hi, baby. Hi, Daddy. Don't cry. You look beautiful. You look beautiful. Look at you. Look at my baby. I'm so thankful I can stand here and see you like this. You look absolutely beautiful. Thank you, Daddy. She's my princess still, and I guess when you have those moments, when you think about one day, she's going to grow up, and get married, and have a husband, and that day comes when you have to walk down the aisle, and let her go, let her go into the world. So, you know, a little nervous, a little excited, and a little just plain scared. Needless to say, I've loved you since you've been in this world. From the moment I looked at you when you were born. Since you've been in this world, you know, we've been like this. My dad is a huge focal point in my life. He's so loving, so it's definitely a sigh of relief to have my dad here to support me. I'm sorry. It's okay, Daddy. I'm trying. I'm really trying. I know. You're not losing me. Well, you're still my daughter. But you're gonna be this man's wife. Just let me in every time I knock, that's all. I love you so much. I love you too, Daddy. I love you so much. I love you, honey. I love you, Mom. In just moments now, I'm going to go to the altar, Lauren's going to walk down that aisle, and she's either going to say yes and we're going to spend the rest of our lives together as husband and wife, or... maybe she'll say no, and that might be the end. My anxiety is just through the roof. I am about to make the biggest decision of my life. I mean, am I going to marry this man who I have fallen in love with only six weeks ago, or am I going to walk away to follow my own comfort and things that I know? This is the moment that every little girl dreams of. Like, I'm here in this dress preparing to walk down the aisle. This is all very real. I love you, sweetheart. I love you too, Daddy. He's a lucky man. Please stand as we bring in our beautiful bride. Love you, sweetheart. Love you, too. Who gives this woman to be married to this man? I do. You look amazing. Thank you. Every day that we've spent together has been a blessing to me. There's so much I love about you. I'm sorry I'm crying, but... It's okay. I have been crying all day. You made me want to be a better man, and you have everything that I need in a partner. I feel very blessed to have you in my life. That's beautiful. Cameron, I love that you... make me feel comfortable being fully myself. No matter how flawed, goofy, or broken I may have been. I'm thankful for our time together and how happy our moments are. I've never had a man love me as purely and selflessly as you have. I'm grateful for the things that have made me uncomfortable and forced me to grow. Nice. I'm grateful for you. Mine's more short, but I meant it, damn it, I meant... I'm sorry. Pastor, I didn't mean to curse. I didn't mean to curse, Lord, Jesus. Okay. Lauren and Cameron... ...now is the time to decide if love is truly blind. Your love developed in an untraditional way, based on an intense emotional connection. Looks, money, age, and race that might be important to some people was not a factor for you two. And now today, you stand together in the presence of your family, your friends, and almighty God to decide if love is blind, and whether or not to face life together as husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever. Cameron Reid Hamilton, do you take Lauren Michelle Speed to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, so long as you both shall live? I do. The love that I have for you is so strong that it's overwhelming sometimes. Being with you makes me feel thankful. Oh. Lauren Michelle Speed, do you take Cameron Reid Hamilton to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, so long as you both shall live? I do. Lauren and Cameron, today, you guys have definitely proved that love is blind. Amen. You may now call yourself those cherished names of husband and wife. You may now kiss your bride. We're married. Yay! We made it. We made it. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my pleasure to introduce you for the first time as husband and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Cameron and Lauren Hamilton. Thank you, Mommy. Love you. Thank you. Oh. Oh, my God. We did it, babe. We did it. We're married. We're married. Unreal. It is. But it's definitely real. It's very real. Super real. I love you. I love you so much, baby. I promise I'm going to take care of you, baby. I know you will, baby. You know what? I don't think that I ever could have met someone like Cameron any other way. I've been looking for Cameron for 30 years! Apparently, he was looking for me, too. I'm glad we finally found each other. Oh, hey! Hey, everybody! Oh, beautiful. You're beautiful. This is my husband, Cameron. It's my gorgeous wife, Lauren. Oh! Amazing woman. I've been searching And looking And wishing And dreaming She has everything that I've always dreamed about in a partner. She's charismatic, but she's down-to-earth. She's confident, but she's also humble. She's intelligent. She's kind. I'm just so thankful that we got to meet each other through this albeit unorthodox method. Finally mine I fell in love with Lauren without ever having seen her. Finally mine It's amazing to say Lauren is my wife. I'm happy I locked it down. I absolutely believe that love is blind. Six weeks ago, I was extremely hopeful. I had an open mind, but I can say honestly I did not expect for things to go this far. I mean, that was my hope and dream, but this is bigger than anything I could have ever imagined. You know, I'm just grateful for everything. This experience and experiment truly changed my life. Finally... Mine Remember when we used to dream I came into this hoping to find someone that loves me for what's on the inside. Even though Jessica and I did not get married, I strongly believe that love is blind because I made that commitment to propose through just an emotional connection. I think if she had remembered that, I think we would have been all right. But they'd never shoot across the sky For your and I So we kept our wish inside When I was in the pods, I was in my feelings so much that the outside world didn't exist to me. I grew so much. I challenged myself. I got so far out of my comfort zone. And I connected with someone so deep, I could have never imagined. But I couldn't translate that from pod to real life. For some people, love might be blind. But for me, it's definitely not. It's a mixture of... mind, body, and soul, and I never got there. So that's really hard. Baby we can't change the past Erase the scars That hold together a broken heart I believe that soulmates can come and go into your life, that they're not always there forever. Um, you learn lessons from people that touch your soul in so many different ways, but in the end, making the right decision for you is the right decision for everybody. Or we could try We could try for a better way So we won't cry We won't cry for our yesterdays You sit and you want to have a pity party. There's no pity party because I have ultimate control. There's more nice people than there are bad. So yeah, like, I will have my day, and I'll be with that person I need to be with, but today is not that day. We could cry We could cry for our yesterday Or we could try We could try for a better way I never thought that I would find my soulmate in a dark room. I don't regret anything. I'm mourning, but from the ashes comes... the phoenix. Or we could try We could try for a better way Today, I couldn't give that one moment of greatness for a lifetime of uncertainty. I was hoping to find that with G. It hurts, walking away from this, but I will always love you, G. I'll always love you. Mr. and Mrs. Barnett! It was a relief to see that he was actually at the end of the aisle waiting for me. I was really happy I wasn't going to spend the rest of my life in jail. Considering, where I was in life right before I came into this experience, I would never in a million years have guessed that I would be in a wedding gown right now with a ring on my finger and a whole new last name. I wouldn't have believed it. Uh... Was that right? Here you go. No regrets. Not today. Maybe... we'll see. We'll see down the road. I'm just kidding. You and I, we'll be fine We belong together Six weeks ago, I was hopeful, but skeptical of this experiment, and now I'm a full-on believer. I'm beyond elated. And that's it. I'm off the market, baby. The fact that Cameron and I found each other without ever even seeing each other, it's like what we saw was each other's soul, and that's the most beautiful thing that I've ever experienced in my life. You and I, we'll be fine We belong togetherThis season's singles enter the dating pods and talk romance, religion and sexuality. Who will feel a spark ... and who will find a soulmate? You're walking through your memories You're looking for an answer Don't wanna waste your days away When I heard about this experiment, I knew it was for me. It was the opposite of what modern dating has become. There's so many dating apps, and most of them are based off of your physical appearance. It's not all about physical attraction, in the long run. It's who's holding your hand on your deathbed. The reason I came here is there's men who actually want to get married, they want commitment. They're looking for wives. I'm like, "What? Where?" Wash your fears away Away Your heart is singing out You're breaking through the clouds Go get what you want Go get what you want Wow. Hi! I'm Briana! I really want a man who is going to love me for me. Not what I look like, but for who I am on the inside. When we're 95 years old, my boobs might be, like, dragging on the floor, but I need you to love my saggy boobs. That was real extra, but that's really how I feel. Oh, sht. This is dp. Oh, man! I'm short, and there are women out there that won't date guys that are shorter. Westley. It's a bummer, but being in this facility, we're really getting down to what matters most. Growing up, I wanted to be like Hugh Hefner, a stylish guy who can have his pick of the litter. But there comes a time in every man's life where he has to settle down. I'm so ready to find a wife. Oh, my gosh, you guys! Hi! Hey, hey! Oh, my God! Hi! Hi! How you guys doing? Freaking out a little bit! Yeah? Welcome. I'm Vanessa Lachey. I'm obviously Nick Lachey, her husband. Ladies, welcome to the blind love experiment. Here, you will choose someone to marry... without ever seeing them. We live in such a disconnected and distracted world. Your value is often judged solely by the photo on your dating app. Mm-hmm. True. That's true. But everyone wants to be loved for who they are. Not for their looks, their race, their background or their income. Right. So true. Psychologists believe that emotional connection is the key to long-term marital success... not physical attraction. So here, your relationships will begin by forging an intimate bond, with nothing to distract you. Here's how it's going to work. Over the next ten days, ladies, you're going to live on this side, and the men will live on the other side. You're going to speak to a stream of potential love interests. But here's the catch. Looks won't play a factor. We've taken away your devices. The only time you're going to interact is in one of the private pods. You're going to be separated by one thin wall. You won't ever get to see each other. Ultimately, all decisions are yours. You can choose who you want to spend time with. Once you choose the person you want to spend the rest of your life with, you'll propose. Just like that? If they accept, you will finally get to see your fiance for the very first time. You're going to leave here together as an engaged couple with a wedding date. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my God. You'll move in together, see your family and friends, and in just four weeks, you'll be at your wedding. I just got goosebumps. Is this registering for other people? This is arguably the biggest decision you'll ever make in life. Will you say "I do" to the person that you've chosen right here, sight unseen? Or will physical realities in the real world sabotage you, and will you walk away from them forever? This literally is the first time an experiment like this has ever been done. We all have to remember the central question Is love truly blind? We hope so. If you're ready to find the love of your life, then walk through those doors, because the pods are now open. I'm going first! If I fall in love and get engaged, it will be with someone I've never seen. It's crazy. It's go time. Whoo! I'm gonna go on a series of speed dates, and find my king, because I'm the queen, and he might be on the other side of the wall, if I'm lucky. The only weird part is that some of these women might be trying to get my husband. Basically I'm going to be blind dating all these women. It's game time. Game time. Get that wife, get that wife. They can't see how fly I am, they can't say, "Oh, he's handsome." They can't say, "Oh, I like chocolate skin and beards." They have to rely on my personality. It's literally blind love. Good luck. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello, hello! Oh, wow! These rooms are nice! Hello? Noiseproof. Welcome to my pod. Yeah! Nice to hear from you. Right? I can't say "see you." What are you looking at? It looks like a scene from Frozen. I'm going straight for the candy over here right now. Uh, I might go for the vodka, to be honest. Can you see anything? No. There's nothing happening? Nothing. My name is Jessica Baton, I'm from Rock Falls, Illinois. I've had a rigid set of standards. I would only date a guy between one to five years older. I would only date athletes, because I'm really athletic. But I'm 34 years old, and I may not find someone based on the criteria that I've put in place for myself. I'm ready to start a family, and I want to have the most perfect marriage. What's your name? I'm Jessica. Nice to meet you, Jessica. I'm Mark. Nice to meet you, Mark. Well, let's just get right down to it! Tell me about your family. Both my parents are immigrants. They both came from Mexico. And I'm a mama's boy. Okay! I'll make a note of that! My grandma had 15 kids. You're kidding me? Swear. You know what I'm saying? That's crazy. I'm Mark Cuevas, I'm 24 years old, and I'm from Chicago, Illinois. Both my parents are from Mexico. I'll never forget my first date with one of my girlfriends in high school. She had told her dad that I was Mexican, and he opened the door and he goes, "Oh, you're not what I expected." And that's why I love this experiment, because it lets you really dig deep on who someone really is, and not worry about what they look like. So, I'm 24. I'm 34. Okay. I never dated anyone younger than me. Really? I think every relationship is different and you have to take things as they come. I feel that. Where you from? I'm from Illinois. Me, too. What part? You're kidding? I'm from two hours west of Chicago. Go Cubbies! I was about to say, "Oh, my God, she's a Cubs fan!" Huge Cubs fan, huge Bears fan. I'm a Bears fan till I die. Every Sunday, I dress up my dog. Her name is Payton Hester. No freaking way! I dress her in her Payton jersey... ...and we watch the Bears. You know what? I make the best Italian beef. Seriously? Oh! It's like... I'm starring your name with "Italian..." No, literally, my Italian beef is the best. I'm smiling. I don't know if you can tell. Oh, my gosh. I'm so happy you're here. This is awesome. I came in here open to doing this experiment, but I really didn't think that I would connect with someone off the bat like that, and with Mark it was just instant. We're different race, we're different age, but we're definitely cut from the same cloth. Bro, that was awesome! It's fun meeting so many different men who are ready to get married. The quality of men is excellent. My name is Lauren Speed, and I'm 32. I am originally from Detroit. My mom calls me at least once a week and reminds me that my eggs are shriveling up. Like, no lie. I'm just really ready for my husband, and I know that he's out there looking for me, and it's time for us to find each other and quit playing these games, okay? It's time. Hello? Hello. I'm Lauren. I'm Cameron. Where are you from, Cameron? I'm from the state of Maine. I don't think I've met anyone from Maine before. I'm the only one you'll ever need to meet. I like that. I like that. What kind of work do you do? I work in artificial intelligence. When you say "artificial intelligence," I think about building robots and... Yeah, I'm basically taking over the world. That's awesome. My name is Cameron Hamilton. I'm 28, and I'm from Lee, Maine. I always hear, "You don't look like a scientist," which is kind of a funny thing because, like, what does a scientist really look like? But, as a scientist, I'm a believer in this experiment that's removing the confounding variables of ethnicity, race, background, and the big one being physical appearance. None of that matters. Would you say that you're an introvert or an extrovert? I think I'm more naturally introverted, but I can be extroverted when I need to be. Okay. How about yourself? I think I'm a combination of the two. When I am around other people, I'm totally on, but there are times when I'm like, I just want to sit at home watch movies and chill, and drink wine... I couldn't agree more. ...and eat food. Yeah! Do you cook? I do cook. Okay. Would you make if we were on a date? Mm, I would probably make either salmon, or I would make some peri chicken, rice. Oh, yes. There we go. Now we're talking. Yeah. Do you cook? Yeah, I do cook. I like a man who can cook. Yeah? Yeah. That's 'cause I like to eat. I can cook for you. So that's great. Yeah. It's definitely interesting not seeing the man on the other side of the glass. They really have to get to know me and my tone and my personality outside of, "Oh, she's cute, her breasts look good." What are you really looking for in a partner? Somebody who is supportive, someone who's loving. I like when a guy hugs me from behind and makes me feel, like, small. Yeah, that's good. Gosh, I want to get to know you more. I know, I like you. I like you, too. I like your voice, too. You sound cute. When am I going to see you again? Soon as possible? I'll talk to you soon, Lauren. Bye, Cameron. Bye. My connection with Cameron is very strong, and I feel like I'm a good judge of character, so I'm feeling more comfortable. I'm feeling ready to just continue with this experiment and just meet more men. How's it going? Hello. Hello, hello. Hi. Hello! Hi! So, what are some of your biggest turn-offs? Turn-offs? Mm-hmm. Oh, my God. I hate, I hate, I hate being able to hear people breathe. What are you looking for in a woman? In shape, and beautiful. Oh, that doesn't sound shallow at all. If I had to guess, I'd say you're African-American. This is our first talk and you're already asking me what I look like? You're missing the point! What makes you think I'm African-American? Just your voice. Who cares what my complexion is? I'm a woman, that's all you need to worry about, that I don't have a pens. Actually, no, I'm white. Are you? I've only dated black men before, but honestly, I'm the type of person that I am attracted to personality. Not saying I want to marry Shrek or anything like that, but if Shrek had a good personality, I mean... My name is Amber Pike. I am 26, and I'm from Augusta, Georgia. A lot of people don't take me seriously because... I ain't ugly, so... And I've actually had a few people tell me that they were pleasantly surprised when they found out that I can hold an intellectual conversation. They're really shocked when they find out there's more to me than looking cute. Oh, God. Hi. Hey. Oh, God. I didn't know you were in here! Nice snort. God dang it. I've got to stop doing that! I told myself I wasn't gonna do that until the second or third date. Well, it's cute, so... Well, thank you. My name is Barnett. I'm 27 years old, and I live in Canton, Georgia. I'm excited to get to know someone based off of getting deep and down and dirty with them, emotionally. I'm Barnett. Is that your first name or your last? My last name. But my real close friends call me that. A lot of friends call me Pike. It's kind of an army thing, but they also did it in cheerleading. Okay, so you're in the army? I was. And you were a cheerleader? I enlisted in the Georgia Army Guard when I was 17. I did eight years. Oh, wow. I'm so used to, like, running with the boys. Like, I'm just so... off-the-wall crazy sometimes. Oh, gosh. Yeah, so... I always go for pretty girls. It's shallow to say, but it's the truth. I'm hoping this leads to something... more real, but this is different. I have no clue what any of them look like, so I'm like... I'm nervous, but I like talking, so... Do you want kids, Barnett? Do I have kids? Do you want kids? Oh, yeah, I do, but... Wait, do you have kids? That's a question, too. Not that I know of. I mean... I like it! Okay, okay. In the dating pod, I'm trying to see if they hang with my jokes and my personality. Are you clumsy? Generally, no. Lately, yes. What about in bed? Well, I ain't timid, that's for sure. I've never had sx. That's unfortunate. Next! The hardest part is not being able to see facial expressions. So I'm going to come off creepy to some of them, probably. Hello. Hey. So, what's your name? I'm Jessica, what's yours? "Jessica." My name is Barnett. I like it. All right, so I'm a big weirdo. What's the weirdest thing about you? Oh, I like this. Like, you would look at me and think that I would be... really girly, which I have that side of myself, for sure, but I actually dig sports and I definitely couldn't date a dude that wasn't into sports. Ew. I hate sports. You do not. I'm kidding. I played baseball my whole life. Oh, cool! So, yeah. What position? Like, what's my favorite position? Is that what you asked? I'm just kidding. I was a pitcher. That was amazing! I love that. So, you're witty. Alright, I see you. I see you over there. I have a serious question for you around intimacy. Ooh, yeah. What do you think about... dogs in the bed? I am one, but... No, I'm kidding. Oh, my God! My dog sleeps with me every night, so... Really? Yeah. I love that. Mine, too. Well, I'm just... I'm a big cuddler and she knows it, so she just like... I love that. Are you the big or little? What do you think? Probably the big. Nope. You're the little spoon? Your dog is just draped over you? I'm getting a mental picture. She puts a paw around me. I like Barnett's sexy voice and laugh a lot. I kind of like that he gave off a vibe that he was a player. We weren't necessarily getting deep, but there's an organic chemistry there. It was nice talking to you. It was nice talking to you, too. There was some good voices. I think Jessica had a nice voice. That's probably the sexiest. All these girls love my jokes, every single one of them. You know, "Oh, next one laughed. There's my wife. All right." It's like whoever I saw last is my number one. I've been going on date after date. I have absolutely experienced some instant connections, and my goal is to find out if there are any red flags, any deal breakers that are on my side or on her side. Have you ever had a dog? I personally have not owned a dog. Okay. Does that rule me out? No, as long as you would never yell at a dog. Who does that? Uh... People. You know, I'm here to find love, and it's going to take more than talking about dogs to do that. Jeez, I sound like an asshl. What's your name? My name is Diamond. Diamond? Okay. How you doing, Diamond? That's my real name. I was gonna... I heard it in your voice, questioning it. So, which strip club do you work at? I'm kidding! You know what? I knew you were going to say that. You're trying to lose points. Look, "-5." Hell, no! Barnett, uh-uh. Keep moving. A lot of girls will develop daddy issues in the form of, "I need a man's attention." Instead of turning into that, I became my own masculine influence in my life, I was a big tomboy, like, I wanted to work on cars. I wanted to build things and make things with my hands. I wanted to be a bad-ass. Hello? Oh, my God. That was so strange and awesome. Oh, my God. Who are y'all feeling? None of them, because it was through a wall. I totally have a favorite. Favorite, favorite, favorite. You don't want to compare favorites? I had one guy... What if we have the same favorite? I'm gonna fight you. My favorite was Barnett. He made me laugh so much. He's really sarcastic and perverted, and I'm like, yo... That's me, friends! Like, once you figure out who they are and who they are on the inside, do you feel like it doesn't matter what they look like? I feel like once you get to know someone, though, on that level, then they are more attractive to you. Yes. I agree. Yes. Yeah. Before coming here for this experience, I definitely judged a book by its cover. It was definitely based on a physical attraction first. I probably sound crazy saying this, but in less than 24 hours, I have found, like, honestly, probably three potential guys that I can see myself with for the rest of my life. Is anyone a virgin here? 'Cause, like, somebody asked me that. Really? Are you a virgin? I am. Really? Yeah. I am. Wow. So, how soon is too soon? If right here says now, and says the same to her... Sometimes right here is right here. My God. Every girl grows up waiting for their Prince Charming, and I want to make sure that this is it, that this is the one, and I'm willing to wait for it. What's the most times that you guys have had sx in one day or night? I would say four. Dang! Is that a lot? Lillie Mae! You wasn't in pain? Do you guys think it's important to go there sexually with someone before you marry her? That's a tough one. That's the rest your life. Yeah. Yeah. When it comes to marriage, a great sx life is important. I expect to be pleased as a man, and I expect to please her. But here, I'm trying to choose the person that I will spend the rest of my life with without even knowing what this person looks like. That's absolutely crazy. Does size matter, or is it the motion in the ocean? It's the size that matters, because there's no motion in any ocean without the thing that makes the motion go. If it's very tiny... Oh, my gosh. Why does it have to be very tiny? Like, damn! Very, very tiny, or... Goodness Lord. Oh, my gosh. What kind of traumatic experiences have you had? You've got to check it. You've got to put the snake back in the cage. Put it back in the case. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ We are golden Yes we are Hear the thunder See the stars I wonder how the guys are doing. Wait, what do guys do when they can't play video games? "Yo, bro, I bet I can do more push-ups than you." "Go, bro." Oh, my God. Fifteen, 16... Breathe! ...17, 18, 19, 20. I can see that back just going... Now that you're all tired on that, now let's do a push-up competition. Yeah, I'll do it. My name is Carlton Morton. I'm 34 years old, and I'm from Opelousas, Louisiana. I had a good night's sleep, I'm ready to date, and it's time to start narrowing it down. Hello? Hey! You sound happy. I wish I could get that type of greeting every day. No, I'm just... You're so funny. I can't with you. So I want to know, what are some things that stand out about me to you? I wrote my notes down. I'm gonna get them out. Okay. Your personality's really good, you have morals and values. Love that you love to travel, 'cause I love to travel as well. You know I've never been to Vegas? You've never been to Vegas? Never. I can't wait to have that Vegas moment where I'm standing on tables, partying. I see where you're going to have your bachelor party. If you'll let me. Oh! What you mean, if I let you? Look, I've waited for the moment to fall in love for so long that I'm not messing nothing up. I am Diamond Jack, I am 28 years old, and I am from Chicago, Illinois. I know I am an attractive female, and I get a lot of attention from guys. Being a professional dancer, it has led to some ups and downs, especially in dating. There have been guys out there who only want to talk to me for my looks, or only want to talk to me because of what I do in life, and I want to be with someone who is going to really get to know me for who I am because, honestly, my mom didn't name me Diamond for nothing, she named me Diamond for a reason. That's the thing with relationships, you have to be able to trust. You're a totally different type of woman, and I appreciate that about you. If you were like, "No, I don't want you to go to Vegas, 'cause last time this happened, I don't feel comfortable." No, no, no. That's another thing about relationships What's in the past needs to stay in the past. I'm not your ex-girl who mistreated you or cheated on you. Yeah. I'm a different person. I'm Diamond. I will want my king to have fun, live your life. I like that. So, go to Vegas, and tell me all about it! I feel like there's chemistry with Diamond. The way she talks to me, the way she makes me smile. I am so anxious to dive deeper in to see if she's the one. Would you want to go on another date? I will want to go on another date with you. You're trying to put on your sexy voice right now. I'm not! There are so many girls that I'm talking to, but Jessica and I have that emotional, strong bond. I would say you're the conversation I look forward to most. Same. I... You swear? Yeah, I promise you. Okay, that makes me feel so much better. I'm making so many connections with all the women that I'm talking to. Oh, yeah. What's up, LC? What's up? What's up, girl? The person that I talked to that was the coolest was you. I love that. I had so much fun talking to you. You're going to love me after this. It's weird how, like, these girls are fluctuating in my head. Hello. Hey, Barnett, it's Amber. Amber's scary. I really like her. I really like talking to her, but she's kind of a little scary for me. I was the first person to actually fire an AT4 round, and hit the tank. Like, hit the target and blow the tank up. You're impressive as hell. I know! Golly. Trust me, a lack of confidence is not a weakness of mine. Are you having a good night? Yeah. It's better now. Good. I think Jessica could be wife material. I don't understand how she could be single at 34. There's got to be something wrong, right? I haven't found anything wrong yet, and I'm trying. I know everybody wants kids and stuff like that, so, like, once we get married, can we go ahead and start or do we need to wait a year? Do we need to get to know each other even more for the next year? I could totally... I'm not on a timeline. Okay. That's what I was wondering, like... No, look, like... I want to make sure that you're not here just to start a family. I want to make sure. Okay, look, listen up. I'm a fckng catch over here. I'm a fckng catch. I don't need your sperm. I knew you were LC by your voice. You have a beautiful voice. A few guys have told me I have a great voice. Dang it, I wasn't the first one to say that. If I had a wife, I'd want her to be happy, free-spirited willing to be adventurous, and I think that is one of the reasons that LC's been top of my list. How tired are you of getting the marriage questions? I haven't really gotten any marriage... Really? You want to get married? Sure, let's do it. Alright, cool. That was super easy. I guess we can go now. I'm LC. I'm 26 and I'm from Tampa, Florida. I definitely want to get married. Who doesn't want to feel loved? Like, that's just a basic human necessity. If you say you don't want it, you're a liar. Go to therapy. Like... I'm not going to look as nice as anybody else that would propose to you. But I'm the only one wearing shorts. I'm wearing ripped high-waisted jeans. I've never been a fan of high-waisted pants. Don't waste a perfectly good ass. You're so forward, Barnett! You know what I'm into. Hello. Hi, Cameron. Oh, I'm so happy it's you. I'm happy it's you. I was really looking forward to talking to you again. I was looking forward to talking to you. How are you feeling right now? Tell me. I'm feeling like I had a few connections. I don't know if I should admit this, but I felt the strongest connection with you. Oh, I felt a strong connection with you, too. Good, I hope so. What was it that really drew you to me? That your vibe is great. Like, I just feel a good chemistry with you, like a connection. It doesn't feel forced. Right. So, now you tell me, what's the most important attribute of... I guess that you want in your wife? Someone who's not afraid to tell me things that are difficult. Someone who understands the type of person that I am, because I think that I'm kind of unusual in some ways, being a scientist but also... I worked as a firefighter for, like, seven years. Oh, wow. Yeah. I feel like I'm also a pretty sensitive guy, which can be good or bad. I appreciate a man who has sensitivity. What's the last thing that you cried about? My mom was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. So it's just some of the difficult things with my mom. I understand. I'm really sensitive about my family, too. Sometimes I just love my family so much. I feel the same way. Oh, my God, I'm getting emotional. Yeah, I'm getting a little emotional. Wow, gosh. Oh, Cameron, I wish I could hug you. I would really love that. I know. I know. I have never talked this much about emotions in my life. Like, it makes such a huge difference when there are no distractions. Like, there's no phones, no text messages, no worrying about what people think or how we look. I mean, I'm sitting here, crying with a man who I've never seen before. And it's day two. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You look happy. I know I do. I think I found one. What? We freaking cried together today, guys. What? Wait, why? Tell me more. Today? Yeah. So, we were just talking about our family, and then we were both like, "We're getting emotional." He's like, "Me too," and it was just like... We were just crying about how much we love our families! That is sweet! I was just like, "Oh, my God, I'm really crying right now!" That is so sweet! I know, I thought so, too. I love it. I can't believe I just cried in a pod on a date. In a freaking pod. You cried in a pod! So is he your number one choice right now? Yeah, he is, for sure. There's never been a time in my life when I've been able to really focus solely on finding love. Here in the experiment, you spend every second of every minute searching for your soulmate. How's your day going so far? I had four hours of dates! Yeah. I have talked so much. I was looking forward to seeing you. Me, too. We talk about so much stuff, but then we don't ask the big questions, you know? Yeah, so, okay. So, this one... Okay, let's do this. This date, we'll dedicate to asking the big questions. Totally. My last serious relationship was with a guy who was 41. At that point in my life, I felt like I was fast-forwarding my life a bit. Is that what you're worried that I'm feeling about you? Yeah, I feel like you will be in that position with me, probably. Don't let that be something that's sitting there being a block on you. Okay, I just want to be realistic. She's 34, I'm 24. I don't care. To me, age is a mindset. Like, integrity is everything to me. I'm definitely... super... Christian. Holy sht, we're the same fckng version. It's like, I want to raise my kids with religion, Christianity, and, you know, be very... Because that's how I was raised. Yeah. And, you know, I have a tattoo on my ribs, like, it's a cross with my parents' initials on the top and bottom. My sister, my brother... ...on an empty plaque, so when I have kids I can initial their names in it, and Psalm 1914 going across it. I love that. That makes me happy. How many kids do you want? Three. Three? I'm down. Okay. I want two boys and a girl. I like that. My face hurts. Why? I'm smiling a lot. You are? Maybe. That makes me so happy. I'm learning things about myself, and I'm realizing there are things I'm looking for that I didn't know I was looking for. Exactly. So, this set of guidelines that I came in with... "Oh, you know, I want someone between these ages, and somebody who's into this." The guy that I'm into meets zero of those criteria! Who knows? Today, Mark told me that he has a tattoo of a cross on his chest, and he has two openings for his kids. Oh! And, like, I want to be a mom more than anything, too, and for me to know that somebody's ready for that kind of a thing... I've never had those type of discussions with anyone. It's overwhelming. For me, that age gap had to be, like, the most real, crazy connection. Love at first s... Talk? ...voice? I would have never guessed that I would've developed the feelings that I'm feeling in a couple of days. Mark and I are really creating a true soul connection, but sometimes I snap back to reality and think about, what are my friends going to think, what are my parents going to think? Mark is... five years younger than my baby brother, who's five years younger than me. Alright, boys. Hello. Hello. What's up, Jessica? What are you doing over there? Nothing. I just got here. Jessica, I really enjoy talking to. She's just so freaking cool. So if we were married, what would you want your husband to be doing when you came home? I like this question. It doesn't have to be anything special, but just to come home and have... you to hang out with on the couch. Yeah. Just, like, arms. Yeah. Arms. Even if you've had a stressful day, I just want you to look at me and be like, "I'm just so happy to see him." "You brighten up when you see me." That's all I want. That's exactly what I'm looking for. Yeah. I work really, really hard. Having something to come home to is, like, the goal. I have never asked anyone how they would be as a husband, but discussing that today with Barnett, I thought was the hottest thing ever. After a couple of conversations with Mark I decided, you know, this is my guy, but now I'm questioning that a little bit because I'm having these really intense feelings for Barnett. At this point, I can see them both being my husband, which is crazy. Being here is something that is so extremely surreal and unlike anything I've ever experienced before. Things that happen in a day here may take months or longer outside. It's a roller coaster ride of emotions. How are you? Oh! So much better now. I've been thinking about you nonstop. Obviously. I've been thinking about you, too. I've been talking about you. Like crazy. I love that. I've been, like, trying to imagine you. Obviously that's... kind of impossible, but... It is. In my mind it's almost like you can see me, but obviously you can't. I'm just thinking, "I have to look good for her." But it's like, it's weird. Aww. You say all the right stuff. But it's true, though. It's true. Cameron... Yes? I think I love you. I love you. Wow. I love you. I love you! Did we just say that? Yeah. Oh, I can't breathe. Okay. Are you crying? Just a tiny bit. It's all becoming, very very real. I've fallen in love with her without ever having seen her. Part of me does think, "Are you being rash?" But it feels so right. It feels like I'm jumping out of a plane. Scary as fck. Yeah. But amazing. It is scary. But I trust you. I trust you. If we get married, then, you know, that's it for me. Yeah, me, too. We have to make it work. We do. Yeah. It's terrifying, thinking that something that I've been looking for my whole life could possibly be with the person that's on the other side of that wall. I feel like I'm falling in love with a stranger, but, at the same time, I feel like I know everything about him. I wish that I could... just kinda hold you right now. Yeah. Me, too. You're, like, four feet away. But I'm right here. Yeah, you're here. I know. Hey, what's up, Diamond? I've been waiting for you. Aww. I've been waiting for you, too. I want to learn more about you. What do you want to know? What do you want to learn? Your true, deepest, darkest fears as it relates to marrying someone. I like the fact that he cannot see me. I like the fact that Carlton is really getting a chance to know me. I really like when he opens up to me. I think it shows that he trusts me, it shows that he is safe with me. It makes me feel like these are the words I've been missing from a man. My fear is getting hurt. I have been vulnerable, and, in my past relationships, I felt like I was giving my all and trying to make that person happy. At the end of the day, I didn't, and that's why I'm here. I want to be happy. I don't want to be disappointed, and I don't want to be embarrassed. Right. I've been taught to be strong, I've been taught not to cry, I've been taught to... You know, I come from a strong cloth. Yeah. How do you think I feel? It's like, "boys don't cry!" Like, that's constantly conditioned in black men's heads since we were boys. I know. I have had to learn how to open up, and it's okay to... be sensitive and emotional and vulnerable. I'm a preacher's kid, and because I'm so outgoing, I'm so outspoken, people see me and they say, "Oh, he must not be insecure about anything." But sometimes, on the inside, I haven't always felt that confident, and I've always been this hopeless romantic. I want to be loved for who I truly am. Unconditionally, and without restraint. Wow, that's deep. My biggest dream is that I finally find a wife who will love me unconditionally, who's kind of like that ride or die. But I have a big secret. At one point in my young adult life, I found myself attracted to just hearts, period. Like, it didn't have a gender. It wasn't about sx for me. I dated guys and girls. But I want a wife now, because I feel like women bring a certain, like, nurturing love and affection to the table that, like, I don't get from a guy. My biggest worry is that I will find someone that I am super in love with and want to marry, and then, at the last minute, she will not be able to walk down the aisle because she just can't be married to someone like me. What's up? I'm the happiest I've been in a very long time. It's not everything, but I'm on cloud nine. Jessica. I need a... ...drink. I'm the type of person that can feel vibes and situations, and I'm feeling a shift in Barnett. And I realize that, yeah, he's into Jessica. Is this too much? It's too little. Why do you leave so much air up top? That is out of my control. I came into this being open-minded to the idea that I could possibly find love. What's exciting is that I feel like I've found a person I could spend the rest of my life with in a very short period of time, and that's Jessica. I want you to know something. I don't let a lot of people in my heart a lot. Um... I shut down, and I think I've always been like that. When I walked in the room from the first time I met you, I knew... It was just like, I was blown... I don't know how to explain it, but I walked around the right side of the couch, turned the corner, and you said, "Hey," and I was like, "Yep, that's it." I don't understand why. I tried to press the brakes, but you're the first person that's ever really gotten me. You're the cutest thing ever, by the way. What do you mean? I just love when you get so passionate. What do you mean? Ahh, I just want to hug you. Kind of everything you say, beyond anything I could have expected. Like... it was just mind-blowing. You know, my last girlfriend, I had my heart broken and stuff. And, um... You know, I had gotten cheated on and whatever, but it took this experience to really just break down any kind of wall that I thought I had about my heart. And... when I tell you, I really don't open up like how I am with you to anybody, like... I... You know, I... God. Um... I want you. You know, I ask you, you know... Do you want to spend the rest your life with me? Like, where's your mind at? We've come a really long way in a matter of days, not weeks, and... like, I can definitely... see us walking out of here together. I really can. It's kind of weird to say that. That's what I'm talking about! Whoo! That's the cutest. I want to spend the rest of my life with a real partner, and I couldn't be more ready to do that with Jessica. I'm all in. We'll talk soon. OK. Alright, bye. I think today was the biggest checkpoint of this entire thing. Yeah. Of course. Like, "fck, this is real." Like... Things like emotions are starting to come into play for Jessica, and then, like, real stories were going underneath the surface. It's all here now. Who's your number one? Don't worry about it. It's stressful thinking that other people have any connection with someone that you thought you had a really good connection with. Jessica? There it is. It's Jessica. But... Mark's over here, he's super excited about her. Mark is a passionate guy, and he's excited about Jessica a lot. And he's 24, and she's 34. I don't know if... I don't know if he's ready. I don't know if he's ready. The problem is, I haven't gotten really deep or emotional with her yet. I've gotten a little bit... Now's your chance, man. I'm nervous about... being myself and and getting hurt, and hurting people, so... I'm also... I'm afraid of opening up and losing that connection. Tell her how you feel, tell her what's going on, break down the emotional and give everything you've got, because the pain of knowing you didn't give it all and you'll never know the answer is terrible, and you should avoid that at all costs. Just do it. This has made me so open, I feel like. I actually am with you on that. Like I enjoy how... I enjoy it. Yeah, we get to the essence of each other and it's not like, "Oh, I'm blinded by his blue eyes." Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's like, this is really what I want, and laying it all on the line. You tell me who you are, honestly, and I'll tell you who I am, honestly, and if you accept it, you do. And if don't, you're just not for me. Not for me, yeah. Yeah, this has definitely changed my life. Five days in and I know who I want to be my future husband. I can't believe it. It's only been five days! Oh, my God, I've had meals in my refrigerator for longer than that. Like, that's crazy. I've spent every second of this experiment focusing on finding my wife, and I think I've found her. I feel immense attraction to her, and I've never seen her before. I know Lauren is the one, and I don't need to do any more searching. I'm ready to propose to Lauren. Hello? Hello. I'm happy to hear your voice. I'm very happy to hear your voice. Are you sitting down, or are you standing up? I'm sitting down. Do you want to... approach the wall? Yeah. Come up to the wall? Uh-huh. Okay. Lauren Michelle Speed... Holy sht. I feel so blessed to have you come into my life. I love you so much, and I want to... spend the rest of my life with you. Will you marry me? Oh, my God, yes. Yes, Cameron, I will marry you, I will be your wife! I feel like I'm in a dream right now. I feel like I'm floating. We're engaged. We're engaged! This literally feels like... like a fairy tale. You're such a beautiful person. I don't have to see you to say that. You're my future husband. You're my future wife. Holy sht! I'll see you tomorrow. Bye! Tomorrow I finally get to see Cameron in person for the first time. I get to look him in the eyes and grab his face and kiss it. I'm super excited to just meet this man who I've fallen in love with, finally. I'm engaged! She said yes. Oh, my God! For he's a jolly good fellow For he's a jolly good fellow Pick him up! I never thought I would create one connection, let alone two. I don't know where these guys came from. You know, Mark is everything I've ever wanted, and he wants to walk away from this being married, and it's hard for me to accept that... he feels that way for me. Something in the back of my mind is like, "Can this really work in the real world?" Our age difference is massive, and the fact that my relationship with Barnett has progressed so much in the matter of a couple of days, I have to see what happens with Barnett. Hey, B. What's up, girl? What you doing? Just chilling. How you feeling? I feel really happy that you're my last date tonight. I know who Jessica is still interacting with, and I know how they feel towards her. It's like, is she telling everybody the same thing? That's actually a big fear I have right now. I don't want to throw my heart out there and just like... actually be, you know, hurt. Don't blow smoke up my ass real quick. Are you mad at me? Are you mad at me right now? No. Talk to me. Oh, gosh. I'm going through so much turmoil right now. Why? Let me say something. I feel like you don't know where my head is. Literally, I think... What? You just got done with Mark. I knew that he had just left with you. He was so sure of everything, and that scared me. As soon as I saw that, I was like... maybe she's just been kind of just... She wasn't feeling the way I was feeling. You don't think I hear things on the other side? There's multiple girls that really like you, but the girls don't think you're serious about them. And literally, like, the military girl is going to kick my ass, I know it. Like, don't make this one-sided. Jessica, Jessica, Jessica... What? Hmm? What? You've been high on my list since the beginning. If this place had nobody, no other guys and no other girls, like, I would propose to you tomorrow. You would? You are my yin to my yang. I am so fckng happy right now. I'm 34 years old and no one has ever said those words to me, that they're ready to propose, that they want to walk out of here being married to me. Barnett just changed everything, and I think I would say yes. Um, what do you need me to do? What do I need you to do? I'll do whatever you want me to do. If you want me to pull the plug on those other things tomorrow, I will. I just want... I want a clear decision made. Okay. All right. Get ready for a miracle Let it feel a little magical Yesterday, Cameron and I got engaged. He asked me to be his wife! I have a fianc, y'all! Oh, my God. I'm gonna be a married woman. I'm so excited. Okay. And today I finally get to see him in person for the first time. I'm super excited to just meet this man who I've fallen in love with. Of course I'm excited to see what she looks like. I've tried to just kind of leave it as a blank slate, so that, you know, however she looks I want to appreciate that. Throughout this process, I wasn't focused on what the person looked like. I wasn't focused on their race, if they were white or black. I wasn't focused on, you know, if they're too young or too old. But now that I'm here, I'm scared, because what if he doesn't like how I look? What if I don't like how he looks? She's maybe feeling the same way I'm feeling right now, which is a little crazy, a little nervous, a little bit nauseous. There is a chance that, by the end of this, he may not feel the same, and, to me, that's terrifying. I can't breathe. It's just scary. It's just frightening. That's all. As the diligent scientist that I am, I came into this wanting to test that hypothesis is love blind? So... it's a success! I've met the person I want to spend the rest of my life with. And I have no idea what she looks like. Oh, God. I'm 100% in love. And it didn't come from seeing someone across the room. who I thought was hot. It came from really connecting with someone on a deeper level than I've ever experienced before. sht, I'm nervous as hell. I don't know if I'm gonna laugh, cry or pass out. Oh, my God. fck. It's giving me butterflies. Baby! Holy sht, that's my fiance. He was definitely not what I expected. I've made a huge mistake. When you really fall in love with someone, the physical attraction builds. You're not gonna let me go, are you? The physical connection is absolutely there. I wouldn't change anything about him. Moving in with my fianc is gonna be another adventure. I'm always cleaning the place. Heard that before. Why are you marrying my daughter? Have you ever been in a room full of black people? I can't lose a love like this again. It would destroy me. I was fckng honest. I didn't fckng deceive nobody. You were so confused a week ago. I want to make sure that you're doing what's right for you. Listen to me! Stop interrupting me, please, for the love of God. We're gonna go back and look at this, and be like, "Did I make the right choice?" fck you! fck you! fckr! Do I want to marry him? I don't know. Marriage is forever. The stakes are high. This isn't just some fantasy. This is the rest of our lives. White or black, tall or short, too young or too old... I always wanted to believe that love is blind. Today, we're here to discover if love is blind. Do you take him to be your lawful wedded husband? I don't know if I can go through with this wedding. I cannot do this! Please stop recording this.The twists and turns keep coming. Giannina redefines the rules, Barnett makes a surprising decision, and the engaged couples depart for paradise. Will you marry me? I wanted to tell you something. One thing that I don't believe in is... roles. Or labels. I do whatever I want. And what I want you to do is I want you to stand up. I'm standing. So... throughout this whole thing, I have been trying to find my soulmate. I see you as my equal. And I'm just as strong as you. So I want to ask you, Damian Powers, will you marry me? I will marry you. I'll marry you, too! I accept. I accept, too. Oh, fck. I love you. I love you, too. I never expected that. You scared the sht out of me. I wanted to surprise you. You surprised me. I cannot wait to hold you. I'm going to break this thing down in like two seconds. So, I'm engaged to a man that I've never seen before and that is so me. That's something that I would do. I can't wait to see you, Damian. You're amazing. And I look forward... to spending the rest of my life with you. Me, too. I love you. I love you, too. When the world is heartless When you're in the darkness Only love can light it up Light it up, light it up Light it up, yeah Light it up, light it up Today, I feel strongly towards two people, but I, you know... Like, I try to avoid that conflict as well, I guess. I really want to be married, but I'm so scared of making the wrong decision. So... So, um.. my indecisiveness is killing me right now. I know I'm confused in the head. I don't know what's going on right now. You told Jessica, "I can see you being my wife" and all this stuff. You said that. But you weren't honest to everyone else on how you felt about that. Not just me. I'm talking about the other two girls. Yeah, you're right. Communicate. It sucks. The conversations fckng blow. It is fckng awful to be... The conversation with Jessica I had yesterday was the toughest I've had, ever in my life. Jessica was conflicted on what was going on. She was going back and forth. And now she's telling me she's committed to me and I don't want to be like Barnett wishy-washy, uncertain. Because I know what I want. And that's Jessica. Accept the conflict. Accept it's going to happen, and fckng go for it. Yeah. I can still remember To the night when I surrendered And we started spinning out of control I found my person, which is Jessica, and I've never in my entire life been able to open up the way I have with her and built this connection with her. I can honestly say I found the woman that I want to spend the rest of my life with. All I hope is that there's no doubt in her mind that I'm the man she wants to be with. Hello? Hey, babe. Oh, God, hearing your voice... It's literally the best thing... Oh, man. The first time I heard your voice, I just knew. And there's no words that can ever, ever, ever... That I could even describe to the feeling that you give me and I promised each and every day that I will love you... even when times are tough. I promise you to be that rock. I've never been so certain about something in my life, and it's so hard for me to let people in. And for you, I let you in and I love every second of it. Jessica, you have my heart and there's nobody in this world that I would rather spend the rest of my life with. I want you to picture this kid from Chicago, with his heart in his hands, getting down on one knee, and Jessica... I want to ask you... Will you marry me? Hello? Yes. Of course. Of course I will. I want to kiss you, I want to hug you. Oh, my God. Oh, God. I love you. I feel like I came into this... Like, I honestly felt like God put me here. I don't know why. I was like, "This is so weird, what am I doing?" But I just want like forever with you. I don't want this to ever end. I'm so happy right now. I love you. I love you, too. My heart's beating out of my chest. Oh, God. Like, I love you. And I mean that. I love you. I love you. I just got engaged. I did. It's been 20 years of pushing off commitment, but it was easy to commit to Mark today. Love is so blind. I'm marrying a 24 year old. Oh, my God. I tried to push him away, because that's what I do, and he wouldn't let me. And now he is my fianc. I'm so excited. I'm happy. We're good! I'm excited. Let's do it, like... I'm excited, too! Whoo! A lot of people try to say you should wait until you're 28, 29, 30. I'm like, but when you find that person, why wait? But next time, babe, Jessica, answer and then cry, 'cause I about had a heart attack at age 24, so... My God, I'm... I wish you could see me right now. I want you to enjoy the rest of this day and we got the rest of our lives. I love you. I love you, too. Feel my, feel my My adrenaline It'll never be the same Being in love with Barnett is a roller-coaster... The way he's been interacting with other girls... seems so indecisive. I'm not the only one in this, so I don't know, you know, what's in Barnett's mind. And if it's just feels like such... high stakes right now. Even though I feel like I know who he's wanting to be with, and it's me, I don't know that for sure. I don't even put myself around Amber at this point. I just think it's an exhausting thing to be around. Honestly, I don't see Barnett with anyone else. If he does end up with her, then I was clearly way off. Like, way off, about the kind of person he is and wants in a wife. I mean I'm probably, like, one of the luckiest guys in the world right now. Like, I have two freaking amazing people that are so interested in me. But how can two people be so sure and I'm over here, like... I have no freaking clue. I have a huge fear of having this initial spark with someone and it just fizzling out. And the intensity of Amber... like, I'm scared that it's not going to last. LC... I know she'll love me and I know... it may not be as intense as Amber, but it could be for a long time and it won't burn out. Honestly, I thought about not proposing to either one. I don't want to hurt someone and I know it's going to happen. And I'm feeling the fckng pain right now. It's the... For sure, the toughest decision I've ever had to make. So... I know I've put you through... probably one of the hardest experiences of your life. This has, uh... been... It's been the toughest... thing I've ever had to do. I've thought... everyday and I've... I've tried to think, you know, what my future holds and, you know, what's the right decision for me. You know, I have to follow my heart. It's, it's... It's not you, LC. I literally can't even cry anymore. I know. Like, you just don't have any regard for what you're doing to people. Otherwise, you wouldn't have done this to me. I would have never... never... let you get to this point if it were me instead of you in that position. This is my real life and my real feelings, and... I know. You're not really the person I thought you were, honestly. Have a great life. I'm walking out the door. You, you, keep me hurting You, you, keep me yearning You, you, leave me burning Why the fck do guys not ever feel that sure about me? Ever? It's not just here. Like, I feel like they're always, like, scared and run. Like, I don't know what I'm doing to do that. Or am I just like... Like, an unlovable person, which I don't think that I am. I don't know what I'm doing wrong. Clearly, I don't... I'm not seeing it. I don't know what's going on. Like, I'm just like... having, like... You, you, keep me hurting You, you, leave me burning You, leave me burning Marriage is a big deal to me because it's a lifelong commitment. I've never wanted to get married unless I felt like it was right. If I'm going to spend the rest of my life with this person, I want to make sure... that it's going to be someone that I'm going to... be happy with forever. Okay. Amber, um... you... are the only one... that... makes me feel this burning... fire in my heart. But... Oh, sht. Amber... Will you marry me? Oh... Oh, my God. Yes. Was that "yes"? Yes! Yes? Yes! fck, okay. Whoo! Yes. Yes. Someone's feeling so in love tonight Oh, fck. Someone's falling in love For the first time I am not... ever going to make you doubt that I... love you, and I'm going to love you forever. I knew that I had a spark with LC. It's just the spark was stronger with Amber. Amber... look at me. Look at me. Oh, I'm going to make you the most stressed-out girl in the world. But you're gonna make me the happiest man in the world. I'm already freaking off the walls right now. I'm so happy already, so... God. I love you. Oh, sht. Whoo! I already told you I love you, right? Yeah. I do love you. Yeah. Ah! Yeah. Phew. I have insecurities when it comes to... how I look. What will she think of me? She's such a... spiritual and loving, kind soul, that I don't think she's looking for somebody... for looks. She has touched me without touching me. And... for the first time in my life, I think somebody's finally... seen me without seeing me. I want to just stare at him. I just want to process him, see if he matched what I thought in my head. I have no idea what I'm going to do when I see Damian. I don't know if I'm going to laugh, or if I'm going to cry, or if I'm gonna pass out, or if I'm gonna throw up, I have no idea. Oh, God. Hurry up. Finally. Oh, my God, I love you. Finally. Oh my God, you're so strong. Hi. Hi. Hey. Hey. Mm. She is stunning. I mean, she took my breath away. Her smile was so bright, her skin tone's so soft and so fckng... It's beautiful. It's so different and I love different because... different is beautiful. Who knew I could get so deep? Ah! This girl brings out a lot of stuff in me. You have really pretty eyes. Beautiful eyes. You have such pretty eyes. Today I give you me. I give you all of me. Wow. So, tonight you have a piece of me. Good. Damian. Dame. Dame. Dame. G. It's interesting. Because I pictured you, obviously. I never pictured this. I love how Damian looks. I love it. I can stare at him forever. But my old habits would have been like "Wait. Now I'm doubting myself." 'Cause I self-sabotage. And I didn't do that with Damian. I am... so happy. I can finally let that wall down. Giannina... She is fckng beautiful. I'm sorry for the F-bomb, excuse me, but she is gorgeous. I hope she's going back thinking, "He is a handsome man." It's crazy that in just four weeks, Giannina... is going to be my wife. I am... I'm a... I'm a lucky man. I see you. Mm. Barnett has chosen me to be his wife and he has gotten a whole crazy handful. He just... refused to let me love him! And he finally gave in. Today, I get to meet my fiance. Oh, it's giving me butterflies. Roller coaster. Let's hit that drop, come on. I'm nervous as hell. What if she doesn't like me? I don't know. I haven't, throughout this entire process, been able to picture his face. I haven't been able to fabricate anything that I feel like is close enough to who he is. I'm really hoping for a nice smile and pretty eyes, 'cause I'm a sucker for both, but c'est la vie. Oh, God. Okay. Oh, gosh. Oh, sht. Hi. Holy fck. Hello. Hi! Oh, God. Hello. Oh, my gosh. Oh, God. Oh, God. Wow. Hi. Holy sht. Hello. Hi. Hi. Mm. Hi. Hey. How's it going? Wow. Did you know the whole time he looked like that? Like that's... That's my fianc. All right, I'm going to need this hand real quick. I refuse to let you change your mind again. I'm gonna stick that on there right now. Barnett... frustrates me and he irks my nerves and he drives me to the ends of insanity, and... I fckng love him. I adore him for it. Like, I love that he challenges me and makes me laugh. And I love the way he makes me feel and... y'all, I love the way he feels. Oof. I'm just... I couldn't be happier right now. Oh, my God. Don't you dare snort on me. I got something for you, too. I had actually picked something out, so... Is that for me? Yes. Is that mine? Hopefully it fits. Oh, Jesus. Hell, yeah, this is the fckng right decision. Yeah. Damn, I'm lucky. sht. I wasn't nervous at all, but damn. I was a little nervous. Oh, God. Oh, my God. I just want to... I'm okay. Snuggle me real quick. Don't ever let go. I'm not going to let you. They're not going to take you away from me. I'm engaged, y'all! Oh, my God. I'm engaged. Oh, my God. You're so irritating. I know I am. I know I am. I'll always be that way. Barnett has put me through the wringer. And I have no doubt he will probably do it again. Open the door. But I am still, and always have been, up for the challenge and it feels really good to know that he is, too. Hi. Hey. I never thought I would come out of this engaged and definitely never thought I would come out of this engaged to that... freaking smokin' hot piece of... sexiness. Holy sht. Finally. Finally. It's literally the most freaking beautiful girl I've seen in my entire life. Mm. I'm going to miss you. Yeah, you are. Yeah, I am. Yeah, I am. I'm so glad I didn't let my stupid brain fck this up. See you soon. Seize the day Make it never bring you down You go and do it anyway Ah! Oh, God. Whoo! Me and my fianc get to go on a vacation and I am ecstatic to get to see what... this connection is going to be like in the physical world. I'm gonna just need to forewarn you guys, you are not allowed in our hotel room. Y'all got to stay out. This experiment for me has changed my life and I'm 34 years old. I... thought maybe this was something that would never happen to me. It happened. It happened! Ah. I'm engaged to someone 10 years younger than me. I never would have expected that to happen. I didn't think about the possibility of someone... so much younger really becoming my everything. But, yeah, I'm 100% head-over-heels in love. Jessica, I love you, baby. I'm going to make you the happiest woman in the world, no matter what conflict is in front of us. No matter what adversity, obstacle... You're my person. Thank you for choosing me. I couldn't be more thankful to be with you. I found the one, and it does not matter to me at all what he looks like. If he's a troll, I literally don't care. I found full-blown love like I've never experienced before and it didn't come from seeing someone across the room who I thought was hot. It came from... really connecting with someone on a deeper level than I've ever experienced before. fck. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, sht. fck. That laugh. fck. I wanted to do this in person. Jessica... Oh... Will you marry me? Yes. fck. Wow. Did you see her? Seriously, like... holy sht! Whoo! What? That's my wife! That's my wife. Seeing you right now is... the best feeling, I... Is this the image you had in your head? I don't even know what image I had in my head. Hopefully... What was it? I don't... I couldn't tell you. This is better. Yeah? I asked someone earlier what a 24-year-old looks like. I didn't know, but you look like normal. You look like a grown-ass man. Yeah? Is it the beard? It's the beard. We'll keep that. Okay, phew. I won't shave it down, I promise. I wasn't sure with someone that's much younger than me. Would it be awkward? And there was zero awkwardness. It was just like finally being able to see this person you've created the deepest emotional bond of your life with. Um, I was instantly... very, very attracted to him. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ This is your heart to break This is your soul to take This is your move to make I'm looking forward to getting married and creating a family that we can grow forever. But I know when we walk out of here, we're going to be met with a lot of adversity. I know friends and family will have their opinions. Hey, babe. Whoo! The person I love may not be the stereotypical person that people would choose for me, but he's my person and I know his soul. He is the most special person I've ever met and age is not a factor for us. We're not worried about anything that stands in our way. Oh, my God. Holy sht. This is your move to make I'm yours to love In this blind love experiment, six couples have fallen in love and gotten engaged, sight unseen. Hi! How are you doing? Oh, my God. Their weddings are just four weeks away. Now, they've seen each other for the very first time and they've come to this tropical paradise to help turn their emotional connection into a physical one. Up until now, the only thing that's mattered is who they are on the inside. Now, their love will be put to the test. Will their relationships flourish or fail once they're exposed to the physical realities of the material world. What the couples don't know, is that they're all gonna be coming to the same resort... right here. They started with love, an emotional connection. But... is love enough? Thank you. Gimme your purse. Hold this. It's cool because we're kind of working like Benjamin Button. You know, we're working backwards. I know what he values and I've told him my deepest fears, everything, but I still have yet to explore him. So, I'm excited about our first night together. I fell in love with my fiance without ever seeing her and it's, it's, it's... weird. It's different trying to establish the emotional and physical connection together. When you have a really strong emotional connection and then you're bringing the physical into it, how do you get them to become one? Hmm? No? No. No? I don't know. Mm. Mm-hmm. See? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Perfecto. Yay. Gracias. Gracias, seor. Oh. Oh. Oh, yeah? I was gonna dive in. Ha ha! Cheers. Cheers. The Grand Velas Maya Rivera. Stunning. Mm. It's a dream. And I am here. Obviously. But I can't believe that I'm here. I just don't want it to ever end. It doesn't have to. No? It doesn't have to. Okay. What do you think of all this? I feel like it's a... fairy tale. Something tells me you've always wanted a fairy tale. Yeah. Well, it's just because I always grew up watching movies and reading books and they always described things like this and it's always what I wanted and the fact that I'm... here... Unreal, is what it is. Definitely. I can not be happier to be here with anyone else. You have touched me in more ways than you can understand. And... I love you. I really do. I love you more. Oh, you're gonna make me... Pull yourself together! I'm working on it. You get me all emotional. Yeah? Mm-hmm. That truffle sauce... Is that what that is? You know what truffle is? I've heard of chocolate truffles. You're sexy. So it's looking pretty romantic in there. I'm just telling you, it's been 435 days. 435 days since what? It's just been 435 days. Are you talking about... Yeah! So you're talking about 435 days without sx. Yeah. And you've counted. Day 325, I went to the beach so I can remember how it feels to have my ass smacked, right? By the waves? Yeah, by the waves. Exactly. 'Cause it's been a while. As I told you before, like... I will move at your pace. The sx is not... important. But I do enjoy spending time with you and getting to know you more. I want it to be right. I don't want it to be forced just because we are engaged. I just want to tear his clothes off. I don't know. Thank you. You're welcome. Um... But I'm just not hungry anymore. You're not hungry. Nope. I'm not. What about dessert? I am dessert. Oh. This is good. This is good. I hope this isn't hers. Happy to be here with you. Mm-hmm. Me too. Same. And you're pretty, too. You're pretty. You're pretty. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks. I am so excited for my first night with my fianc. Just to like, see him and touch him and smell him and just cuddle with him. I do want to hv sx with my fianc, but, like, not today. I think we should take things slow. I love talking to Kenny. So I feel like we'll, like, stay up and just talk to one another and probably just share some kisses and hold each other, 'cause that's something we obviously didn't get to do, up until recently. Lounge on the... the sofa? Whoo! Yeah? Yeah! Our emotional connection is great. Our physical attraction is super strong. So, yeah. I feel the sx will be, actually, really good. He's a really good kisser. So, I think he has some talent... elsewhere. It's so good to see your face. Like, to literally put like all the sounds with the expressions now. Yeah. I can put my arm around you. I can put my arm around you. Yeah. We can count shoulders. Nice. You ever counted shoulders? Counted shoulders? Yeah, you do one, two, three... four. I knew that I was going to accept whatever she looked like for exactly who she is. And who I knew her to be in the pods. Uh, but, yeah, I'm very much physically attracted to Kelly. She's the most wonderful person that I've ever been around. Her, you know, personality's infectious, her laugh's infectious. Uh, everything about her. Even holding her hand. Can I jump on the bed? So you're already jumping on. Shoes on and everything, huh? Expectations for Kelly and I's first night together is probably a lot of kissing, probably a lot of cuddling. She's so pretty. Mm. Thank you. Mm-hmm. You're a pretty, girl. Mm-hmm. I'm not asking for kisses. I know, but you want them. But I'm a-lookin' for them. Oh. Mm. Being engaged is awesome, aside from the whole being terrified part. But I'm definitely hoping that the physical part with Cameron matches up with our emotional connection. This is so sexy this whole... Everything. ...shebang Mm. Rose petals... Mm-hmm. Hot tub. You. Me, you. I can't think of anything else that we need. This is it. I would love for this to work out for Cameron and I because he's everything I've ever wanted in a husband and a father... to my future children. I've never felt like this with any man and I think that we would have a wonderful life together. What more do we need? I know. It's hard not to be a creep. I know. It's really hard. It's hard, I'm trying. 'Cause now, it's like, finally... Right. I mean, it's just, you know... It's just two people in love. That's what happens. Yeah. Yeah, of course I'm excited to be spending the night with Lauren. You know, we've been talking through walls, and... we really haven't had that, that time to, you know, be alone with each other. We're definitely sizing each other up. Yeah, I like what I see, to put it very lightly. This vacation's going to be one to remember. Can I use your toothpaste? No. Of course! What's mine is yours. Now we share. You know, your chest hair is not that bad. No? I thought it was going to be worse. You thought it was gonna be worse? What were you expecting? I just thought I was going to be like... super, like... I don't know, like... bush. I've never dated anyone that was white. This is going to be, like, a new experience for me. And my thoughts are that he looks good. Cameron is very sexy. He's very attractive. He has a little swag, so... I definitely want to jump his bones. Why is my mind in the gutter? It's been way too long, y'all. Good lord! I'm sorry, Mom and Dad. I'm sorry. I'm an adult. I'm an adult. Whee! Mm. And good night. This is so beautiful. Whoo! Oh, shoot. Here you go. Yay. I am super excited to be with my fianc on this romantic getaway, And I'm so excited to make a beautiful life together. Mm. Could you imagine being the strawberry dipper? The things you say. I just tend to say what comes to mind first. That's beautiful. I like that about you. Hello, Mexican police? Come get this lady. Come get you! She's crazy. Bye-bye. They wouldn't touch me. I had to pick the craziest person in the house. You thought I was... I'm not crazy. Yeah, you're crazy. I knew that from day one. Why? Because I spoke my mind? Mm-hmm. That's normal, ain't it? Mm-mm. You better be happy you pretty. I get away with stuff because I'm pretty? Mm-hmm. Okay. I would have been punched it a long time ago. "Punched it"? Punched it. Like, "leave." Okay. Hmm. Watch your words here. Come on. Chill out. Carlton is definitely a different energy than what we had in the pod. I don't know if he's nervous or if he's uncomfortable with something. You make daddy feel good. That's why you have that hat on. You're not slick. Ooh! You're not slick. You want one that says "Mommy"? When I am a mother, I would love to have one. I'm gonna get you one that says, "Do not fckng touch." No, I would not wear that. Well... What about one that says, "Carlton's wife"? Okay, I'll do that. You would? I would do that one, If I'm your wife. "If"? I'm saying, we still gotta walk down that aisle. Oh, we're walking down that aisle. Okay. Ain't no turning back Ooh. What you gotta figure out? We gotta move in together. What do you mean? I have a big secret to tell Diamond about my sexuality and I'm so nervous. Every moment that I spend with her, it's in the back of my head. If I don't roll it out the right way, it could just turn into a catastrophe where she just can't deal with it. I'm gonna get you a pogo stick so you can hop out of your feelings right now. You know what? You trying to start something. Whatever. All right, so I'm just gonna go to the pool. No, there is no pool. I think this conversation's gonna get... It's over. Before it gets too deep. This is our first night together. I'm excited. What number is it? And I'm the happiest girl in the world. This is us right here. Ah! Yay. You ready? This is the first night outside of the pod and it's freaking me out that I'm engaged right now. Did I really just do this? My parents don't know what's going on right now. I don't have my phone so no one knows where I am. No one knows I'm in Mexico. It's... It's crazy and it's tripping me out. I love hearing the waves crashing on the beach. That's my favorite thing in the whole world. I'm thankful. Me too. I love you. I've always been a very sxual and romantic and passionate person, but I have always been missing that emotional connection. I believe that now that I've finally developed that emotional connection before that, I think that Jessica and I can really turn it into... It's going to feel as though I'm a virgin. Experiencing something for the first time with brand new eyes in a first experience and I'm excited for it. Ah! This shirt. Love it, love it, love it. I'm gonna go shirtless. You're going shirtless? Yep, going shirtless. The person I fell in love with was a voice. And now here he is in the flesh. This is him, and I'm struggling a little bit, so far, in just... meshing the two people. We're about to get extra friendly here. All right. I would say he's not the typical... guy that I would go for. My normal type is... usually a bigger guy. Um... Just a bigger guy. So... in this experience, like, I really feel like people can kinda jump in very quickly, get into a sxual relationship and then things don't go well... and it can be very, very painful. So my preference is that we don't go there. My whole thing is I would never force you to do anything you don't want to do. It's me and you. We started this whole thing just, again, talking. I want to get to know you more. I want you to be you. I don't want this to be something that it's not. The whole reason we're here is because we took a leap of faith. And because of that leap of faith... Agreed. I think, you know... Whatever I think we both agree on, yeah, we make it work. I'm not ready to just, you know... jump on him or anything like that, but I'm kind of excited because I think part of this whole experiment is we've got an emotional bond, it's not someone I would typically go for based on looks, so let's see if we can build off that and see if that attraction can really grow and that we can be as deeply seeded together physically as we are emotionally. Hey. Oh. I don't know. You might have drank all my champagne. It's okay. Just bring the bottle. Perfect. Yes. This is our first night alone together and there is a little bit of awkwardness because you know this person but physically, their body, their appearance... Seeing them is totally new to you. But, that connection, that fire is just as strong- as it ever was through a wall. My fianc is fine. Oh! I'm gonna have such pretty babies, y'all. You're just going to drink out of the bottle? It's what I do. Like a champ. That's my fianc. Yep. I definitely feel like Amber's the right girl for me. And I feel like our physical relationship is increasing... our emotional connection. So, if things happen, they happen, and I'm not expecting anything, but we'll see. Pretty ring, who got it for you? I don't know, some guy. Some weirdo proposed to me through a wall. I guess I said yes. Man, I'm wearing an engagement ring, too, and it's a man version. Oh! If it gets warm, I'm sorry. Don't you dare! You're nasty! I know you. I can tell when something's upsetting you and I'm like, is everything okay? It's just that feeling, that energy, I have with you. I've never seen this side of Carlton and it really hurts me. I'm so confused, I don't understand, it's just so many feelings are running through me that I don't even know where to start. You okay? What's on your mind? A lot. With you, I feel like... I can be myself completely and I feel like you know when something is off. Like, you can sense it. Like, I really love you, but it's like certain things are, like, always in the back of my head. Certain things like what? Like the past. I feel like there was no possible way you could... Like, a woman like you... as perfect as you are, as beautiful as you are... Aww... Hey. What's wrong? It's just stuff that we have to just discuss because... I feel like... I've always been in situations where people have abandoned me and have, like, rejected me. First off, you don't have nothing to worry about. Yeah, I do. No, you don't. I do. I have a lot to worry about. You have no idea. You have no idea. In regards of me. You could leave me at any moment, because... I haven't fully opened up. What... What is it that you want to open up to me about? I don't feel like you're going to want me after this information. What information? In the past... I have dated both genders. What do you mean? Like male and female? Male and female, yeah. It's a lot to accept. I get it. It's okay. Like, I have my fears. I have... I have gone through the thought of... fck, you met the love of your fckng life and now... My question is, how do you know I'm the love of your life? Do you ever feel like you need to go date... No. No. ...another man? No. That is the biggest misconception in the world. The biggest misconception in the world for men like me, who are honest, I love... people for who they are... at the core. This has nothing to do with it. This has nothing to do with it. Like, that has never been the motivating force in my life. It's a lot to accept. Yeah. Like, I'm looking at you right now and... I'm listening. I feel like your eyes are so blank. It's a lot to take in. I know. I know. fck! You slowly vanish I cannot feel you Didn't you know? We were literally four weeks away from our wedding. Like, I love Carlton, but I was not prepared for that. I... may leave this earth alone, but I will leave this earth saying I was fckng honest. I didn't fckng deceive nobody and I did one of the hardest fckng things that was ever done. I'm not a hider. What am I hiding for? Why can I not be myself? You can be yourself. You can be yourself. I just... I just need time... to think about this. It's... I mean, you just threw a curveball. I know. I'm going to... Go, just go. See you later. 'Cause you are the tin man I cannot hear you Where did you go? You, you slowly vanish I cannot feel you Didn't you know?As one couple celebrates their engagement, others follow close behind. Barnett continues to charm the ladies. Jessica grapples with indecision. I never expected, walking into this facility... that I would find my wife and mean that, but here we are. Everything has just been building up to this moment, to meet this man who I feel like fell out of the sky. I feel like he was made in a factory, like he was specifically put together for me. I think I'm just a little nervous about seeing her for the first time, physically. I hope that, you know, her expectations aren't let down. I don't think they will be, but, you know, you just never know, when you add in that physical element, how that might change things. When we're in the pods, we don't have to think about how we look physically, because they can't see us. So right now, I'm like, oh my God, what if a piece of my hair's sticking up, I can't have bad breath. What if I'm sweating? I'm just anticipating the moment of getting to physically see him, and I'm a nervous wreck. But I'm ready. Oh, my gosh. Cameron! I'm so excited to see you. I'm excited, too. I'm never going to let you go. I hope not. I promise you. I cannot wait to marry you. Mm. I feel like this environment has allowed me to date outside my race, without even knowing, mainly because Cameron and I's connection was so strong that I really didn't care what color he was. It just turns out that he was white. Let me look at you. You're so handsome. You're beautiful. I can't believe how beautiful you are. Oh... You're so handsome. You literally look like a prince. Like Prince Charming. I put my hands up, I put my head down Lauren... will you still marry me? Of course, yes. I've been trying so hard To figure it out Pretty. Gorgeous. Sometimes you're all right Sometimes it's all wrong Sometimes you don't know where you belong You walking that road you've been on You keep falling I'm strong. You are strong. It doesn't even seem like she's real because it seems too perfect. I couldn't be happier. How did I get so lucky? How did I get so lucky? You're real. Just hold me. Oh, my gosh. I'm going to take care of you. But these eyes won't cry And you're strong. When everything feels like A long night Take another look in the mirror And choose to love This is my first time kissing a white man. I have large, full lips, and I was scared that the proportion was going to be like, "Oh, my God, my lips are going to be a lot for his smaller lips," but he is an excellent kisser. See you soon. Okay. Honestly, our journey is just beginning. Obviously, we have our emotional connection, and now we are going to be whisked away on a beautiful, tropical romantic vacation to Mexico. I can't wait to just sit with him on the beach, and watch the sunset and sunrise, and drink frozen drinks, and take advantage of him. It's a dream, being able to touch her, and smell her perfume, and to know that I'm not just in love with how gorgeous she is, but the person that she is. I'm very vocal about the struggles of black people, and in the back of my mind, I am thinking a lot of my friends or peers will be like, "Wow, Lauren, you going to go marry a white man?" But, at the end of the day, I feel like I can still want the best for black people. I can still want black people to win. I can still voice my opinions about how black people are treated in this country, and still love who I love. Being in an interracial relationship will be difficult. but I feel pretty confident that we'll be able to take on this, uh, mean world that's out there. Us against the world. I was so wrong I was so blind I'm pouring us glasses of wine. Because we're classy. "Wine" not? I'm living my best life Before coming into this facility, I was very superficial. I had to be with a supermodel. I had to be with a beauty queen. Now, I'm ready to focus on what matters. It's more about what's on the inside. If that heart is beautiful, if your soul speaks to my soul. Have you guys tried to imagine the faces of the people you're talking to? Yeah, of course. I can't. Every single one. I can imagine the body types, based off what they say they're interested in, like their activity level, the stuff they do, their hobbies. But I can't see their faces. People here are falling in love through a wall. It's a crazy kind of magic, but it works. With Damian, I was like... He joked he was like, "I'm 5'4". I'm like, "I wouldn't care". Like, I'm obsessed with you. Whatever woman you end up with, Damian, is gonna be one lucky lady. To the rest of our lives. Cheers. Happy. Hello? Who is it? It's Damian. Thank God. I couldn't stop thinking about you today. Yeah? Mm-hmm. You got my butterflies turning. Get out of here, little guys. Get out. You know, it's so funny, we're going on our fifth date, I believe? Fourth or fifth. Wow. Yeah. We're sliding into each others DM's, I guess. I love that. You got a really cute sense of humor, and I'm really digging that, really hard. Thanks, I'm silly. Yeah, I like that a lot. My name is Giannina Gibelli, and I'm 25 years old. I'm from Venezuela. Caracas, Venezuela. Growing up, I was always, like, the sweet one. My mom called me her dulce de leche. I taught myself English by reading. My mom told me that she would always take me to bed, and like, I would have a book on my chest every single time. You've given me nothing, but like, I guess, "vibe" always sounds like such a weird word, but... No, use the word "vibes." Alright, so you've given me really good vibes, and I'm actually sitting on the carpet right now... I'm literally so close to the screen... Are you really? I'm literally sitting on the carpet right now, criss-crossed legs. Me, too. Just chilling, looking at it. Me, too. What's important to you? Uh, my family. Right. Yeah, my family for sure. But, you know, I want to carry that on. I want to have a family of my own someday, and I want somebody to walk by my side, not to walk in front of. I adore that. Yeah. It's become so easy to talk to you, and I've... And I'm really starting to emotionally connect with you. I'm Damian Powers, and I'm 27 years old. I came into this process not knowing what to expect, no matter how good-looking we are, or what type of body we have, we all want to be loved, we all want to be accepted. I want to find someone that just loves me and accepts me for everything that I am, and everything that I'm not. I'm really hoping to get to know you more over these next few days. I like you. I like you a lot. Yeah, I like you, too. I know Diamond, and I've fallen in love with this woman. I feel very free. I feel comforted in knowing that no matter what I've been through, no matter who I currently am, that there's someone that just wants to weather the storm together. That's what I deserve, and... it's amazing. Hello. Hey. Hey, baby. Through this whole week spent with Carlton, I feel safe. I've never connected with someone on this level. I have waited for this my whole life, and I can't waste any more time. Diamond? Yes? Will you be my wife? Oh, my gosh. Will you marry me? Oh, my gosh. Yes. You will? Yes. Baby! My dad passed away when I was a very young girl. I remember going to the funeral, and I see ladybugs everywhere I went. Today, I woke up, and I literally seen a ladybug, on the mirror. I really thought that was my dad talking to me, reminding me that everything is going to be okay. Carlton is the man I've been praying for. Yeah. And I think everything is going to be okay. Don't cry. I got you. I got you forever. I'm never going to break your heart. I just wanna, like, bust through the glass, and just, like, hug you. Let's do this, babe. Let's get it. I have found my forever and I'm not letting any doubt, any insecurities from the past ruin this for me, because it's the best I've ever felt in my life, and no one can take that away from me. I love you. I love you, too. With all my heart. Oh, God. You know I can't breathe, right? I can't either. Like, it's a lot. You've taught me so much in such a short period of time. It just became evident, day-by-day, that there was no fears, just feeling like I could be myself with you, and no matter what I tell you, you'd accept me, and not leave me, because I feel that I've been left many times. And I found myself thanking God for you. You make me feel like I won't have to hide anything. I won't have to be anybody other than Carlton. I can't see my life without you, at this point. I think God put you in my life for a reason. I think you are a phenomenal person. Throughout this whole process, we have been vulnerable, and you inspire me. I'm like, shaking. It's crazy. There is a future Find an arrow Point me home It's very touchy to decide when to reveal my sexuality to Diamond, because I'm just not sure how she'll handle it. Going through this experience in such a short amount of time, I'm definitely closer, and I have to be ready to reveal this information. I just... don't think that I can do it right now. I have experienced rejection in the past by people that I thought would understand, so I am afraid to ruin this. My whole life, I've just been... craving acceptance. I'm going to make an amazing husband. I'm going to be a great father. Oh, gosh. This is one of the happiest days of my life. If you only knew how much I loved you Tell me I'm the one you've been dreaming of Hello. Kelly. What's up? My name is Kelly Chase. I'm 33 years old, and the dating scene for me, it's just never been right. I had gained about 40 pounds a few years ago, and I am just still not where I would like to be. And then I'm like, "Kelly, someone out there thinks you're beautiful the way you are." I'm going to to sit down. Yeah. See if we can get real personal. I'm Kenny Barnes. I'm 27 years old, and I've had great experiences with past relationships, but there's always that missing link. I've had a tough time with putting myself out there to be vulnerable, and truly be valued. So one of the biggest things that I've had a problem with is wanting to feel accepted. So that's what I'm looking for. Did you have a favorite childhood book? I had a couple. There's a book... It was about a mom and her son. Yes. It was a little picture book, and it was like, "Forever my baby you will be..." Yes! I'm getting chills. Oh my God, I love it. It was my favorite childhood book, and obviously I'm not a son, but my mom read it to my sister and I. Oh, my God. Like, it is 100 percent my favorite book. Holy smokes. That hit me pretty good. Aww! To be honest with you, I read it three or four years ago, and I was going through a transitional phase. I just started with the company I'm with now, and it's kind of like that moment of reflection, like, things are great, but they're not where I want them to be. Right. Personally, I have felt recently... It's like I felt like I had no one to talk to. Yeah. It's like, there's work, and I'm stressed out about that. Let alone, it's family, you know, stuff that's going on... It's like I can't talk to anyone. I literally can't talk to anyone. Yeah. Can't talk. Yeah, you do, you feel alone. Yeah, and it's funny... Not "funny" you mention that, but, for, like, months, I have felt very, um, alone. For like months. And, excuse me for crying... You okay? Yeah, yeah... But no, I just like... I want to give you a hug right now. I know, sorry. No, it's okay. I'm a... I, I, I get it. And, like, oh my gosh. So you got me with the book, and... I told you I'm not a crier, but I feel it, right? Yeah. I love when guys cry. Kenny can get emotional, and I was just like, "Okay, I love you". Yeah. I've wanted... a best friend for a while now. I appreciate that you're willing to open up like that. Yeah. All I want is you to know The difference you have made Please, don't change With Barnett, it's just so weird, and it's getting hard, because I'm having conversations that I'm literally, like, I'm talking to him, and I was like, "If we do this, if we're together, there's something I wanna do, as husband and wife, like, this is what I want to do in a relationship." Like talking, like when this works, I want us to get a couple's massage... Yeah. In my mind, it's not even a question. What's not a question? Like... that we would be a couple. It's not a question. I know the other girls have feelings for Barnett, but... it's Barnett or bust, for me at this point. These girls will be at my wedding. There's gonna be a wedding, and they'll be there. I'm sorry, it's gonna happen. So, sucks to be them. He doesn't approach it, or the way that he responds to it is not like... It's not like a weird way like, "Oh, yeah, 'if'..." He doesn't accentuate it, he was like, "Yeah. When we get through this, we'll get a couples massage." That sounds pretty affirmative. Like, all my cards are on the table. I literally have nothing left to play. Just waiting for him to make the moves. Mm-hmm. Hearing Amber talk about Barnett, doesn't really phase me. I know what Barnett and I have is special, and totally different from what he has with her, because we always talk about what life would be like after this, and it's kind of a secret between us that we're going to end up together in this. The easy stuff comes so easy. It's just Barnett or bust, that's it for me. Yeah. We have two weeks to figure out who we're going to spend the rest of our lives with. I've got three people left. Jessica, Amber, and LC, they all would make excellent wives, and it's difficult because I'm becoming emotionally attached to all of them in different ways. What's up, LC? Do you really think that you can find a wife? What do you think? Don't do that. We don't have time for games here. The thing with Barnett is, we can paint a really good picture together, like... what this would actually be like, what an actual life with each other would look like. I'm just really pumped to see what happens the next few days. Why do you think you could marry me? I don't know, I've always envisioned myself with a guy similar to my dad in the way he like... Oh, gosh. ...he's a people person, everybody loves him. How do you imagine I would do with your parents? I think you'd be good with my parents. Yeah? I don't know if Barnett will propose to anyone, but I feel like if he did, I think that it would be me. Okay, real quick, whenever I propose, What do you think about non-diamond rings? Oh, yeah. I love that. Really? Okay. Alright, well, you gotta do it. Yeah? Yep. With LC, we're very freaking similar, and it's like, what's going on here? Like, why are we so alike? It's like figuring out if I want to marry myself in girl version. So... With Amber, she excites me, but she also scares the living hell out of me. When we get out of here, we're going to be all, like, engaged and sht. "We're all gonna be engaged"? You're talking in general, or you and me are gonna be engaged? Me and you. Are you proposing to me now? Is that a thing? No, I'm not going to propose you tonight. If I don't propose to Amber, she's going to find me outside of here and whoop my ass! Hey, B. Hey, girl. I think Jessica is my number one, because every time I talk to her, there's like mad goosebumps. I told her I was ready to get married, and I would choose her if I could. If this place had no other guys, and no other girls, I would propose to you tomorrow. You would? You are my yin to my yang. I am so fckng happy right now. Jessica, Amber and LC... I love everything about these girls, but all in different ways, and I'm like, "What the hell am I supposed to do?" You got it? You getting married? No. Not yet. Not yet? Not yet. What you doing? I'm just a little nervous. Nervous of what? My relationship with Barnett, like... went somewhere I've never really felt. Really? I've never felt before. We just started to talk really seriously, and he started talking in the context of being my husband, and I started to visualize it. I've waited so long for, like, someone that I care about so much to say those things, and to feel that way. He said he would marry me. Oh, wow. I had an awkward moment with Barnett, and I just never gave him another chance. He pretty much associated my name with being a stripper, and so when girls be mentioning him, I'll be like, "Oh my God. What is it?" I'm like, I couldn't stand him. Like, ugh. And then, like, I know the feelings that I have for Mark, and it's just a totally different relationship. Like, it's... amazing on so many levels. Mm-hmm. Jessica, since the first day you walked out that pod, and you was like, "Girl." I said, "What?" "I like Mark." And I'm like, "Oh!" Just know, if you're asking me my advice, I prefer for you to be with Mark. I'm nervous about Mark, though. My relationship with Barnett, and my relationship with Mark are totally separate, like "on another planet" type relationships. You know, I always thought... my relationship with Barnett was just a flirtatious situation. And now that it's developing into more, I have to see what happens with Barnett. I have to follow my heart with Barnett. It's a breath of fresh air to be accepted by Jessica for just me. Not what I look like, not how I move, or my body, or whatever. It's like she's accepting me for me. And now I know what a true relationship looks like. You know, I ask you... you know, do you want to spend the rest of your life with me? Like... where's your mind at? I can definitely... see us walking out of here together. I really can. It's kind of weird to say that. That's what I'm talking about! I think Jessica and I, will be getting married. So what's up? I'm sad right now. Why? Because I don't like this situation anymore. What are you talking about? I feel like I'd rather just walk away from this. This is crazy. So many people are going to get hurt in this, you know? I don't want you to like, hurt. Why... What are you talking about? Obviously since day one, I've been like, Mark, Mark, Mark. That's just been it, you know? You know, our connection is so strong, but I would be doing myself a disservice if I didn't... pursue relationships like I came here to do. What the fck? I get it, you want to weigh out all your options and be certain. I am certain. You were certain when you walked out yesterday. I definitely don't want to jump the gun, you know? It's just the experience for me has been different. It's worked in different ways for me. And I don't just care about you, like I... I love you, like, it's crazy. All the other dates I've had, I didn't feel like that. The reason why I'm so passionate right now is because I feel that towards you, but if you're feeling that with someone else, it's like... I will... I'm going to be open and honest with you. Okay. You're ten years younger than I am. Like, it's, it's... crazy. Like I have created other connections that... look like they could potentially plug into my life, you know? I'm just trying to, like, explore everything, because we only have a limited amount of time and it's like the rest of our lives, you know what I mean? It feels like I'm an option, that's what it makes me feel like. God... I told you how certain I am. I've never been this certain about something in my life. I'm going to tell you straight up. If I'm not walking out of here with you, then I'll go my separate way, and I'll go home. And that's fine. I'm just letting you know where I stand, and that the ball's in your court, and that's all I'm saying. I came into this wanting to find someone, but I didn't know that I was going to have to hurt someone else, too. So I think that's wearing on me more than anything. Oh, fck me! Yesterday, I felt like we both knew that we were going to walk out of here together. Yeah. Today, having conversations, as you said, I'm just like, "So you're playing me? So you're still weighing your options, or what's up?" Yeah. Because that's the problem. Because, like, I'm not just a fckng option. I don't need my partner, age difference or not, to expect me to be a 34 year old. I'm 24. I know what I am. I feel as though I put my heart out there, and someone reciprocated it, but then just ripped it out for no reason. Don't fck with me. Don't fck with me. Yeah. I'm a grown-ass man. Yeah. I know what I fckng want. Yeah. Oh, fck me. I'm about to see the man of my dreams for the first time. He assured me that I will always make him happy, no matter what. I just hope that he accepts me for who I am. I'm here for you, Carlton. I will always be here for you, no matter what. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ Oh, my gosh. I didn't tell Diamond about my past before the proposal, because I just always wanted people to judge me for the way that I love, rather than who I love, and a lot of times, people are misjudged when they're fluid. So, of course in the back of my mind, I'm thinking, well, what if she has a change of heart? When we finally meet, I just hope that I make him smile. And I hope that he just finds me very attractive, and... will swoop me up and take me off. How are you? Hi! Oh, my God. Oh, wow. How are you? I'm good, how you feeling? Good. Oh my gosh. I'm a fiance! Can you believe it? Look at you. Look at you! Look at you. You fly. You fly. You look good. Thank you. Damn. I was hoping you'd like it. I know that I'm different. I know that my past is different. But this is what I've always dreamed of. In four weeks, we'll be getting married. My biggest worry is that someone that I am super in love with and want to marry, won't be able to walk down the aisle, because she just can't be married to someone like me. I'm excited about my marriage. I am. You are? Mm-hmm. You ready to get this party started? I am. It's going to be great. I love guys with bald heads, and I think I like the way he dressed, and just his whole persona. I'm very attracted to Carlton. Whoo! Thank you, God. When I was talking to him, expressing my heart to him, I wanted to know, like, are you here for me? Are you going to accept my flaws? Carlton has a way of making me feel like I'm the only woman on Earth. He really, truly, loves me. As of right now, the only concern will have to be our family. Hopefully our family can accept our love, and the way it went down. This is not normal. I know a lot of families are traditional. They want you to date, become the girlfriend... We're not oblivious to the steps and the process of marriage, but it's not their life. It's my life, and I choose to be with Carlton. You should be proud about the fact that so many girls like you. You are a catch, my brother. Who have you talked the most with on serious issues? Amber. Amber. Probably Amber. What about Jessica? I think we shoot the sht way too much when we're in there, and it's hard to get past that sometimes. Why was she your number one last night? Like, the feeling in the moment. I mean, that's my problem with every relationship, every person that I talk to, I get in there, I want to have a good time. How do you feel about you and LC, on paper? I think we would always have a good time. But I think that because we're so similar, You're in the honeymoon phase, right? And you love talking to them, love being around them, but... our job here is not to be in the honeymoon phase, our job here is to find someone that we spend the rest our life with. And that's important, but... Yeah, man. I hope you find some clarity. Hello? Hi. Hey, how are you? Good, how are you? Hello? Hi. Hey. I've waited so long to find the perfect person, and I think Barnett is someone I can spend the rest of my life with. I'm ready for him to ask me to marry him. What are you doing? Drinking red wine. Let's do some fun stuff. I wanna have fun. Okay, what do you wanna do? Um... Twenty questions? Truth or dare? Truth or dare. Is it true that... you still feel the same way you felt last night about me? I don't know. Wait, really? Yeah. Oh. Okay. Ah! Jessica would be a good wife. but after my dates with Amber and LC, I'm scared to have to pick between any of these girls, because I know all the qualities that they have, and all the good things that can come from each person, you know? I don't know what's up in my mind. I know I have connections, emotional connections with people. And I don't know how to, like... differentiate feeling good from, you know... feeling the L-word, almost. Okay. I feel like I should go. Why? Because... I don't fck with people like you. What does that mean? Like, I'm not playing this game with you. I'm not trying play games, I'm trying to feel everything out right now. I'm trying to be rational. Well, why... I don't know why you said everything you said to me, then. What are you trying to figure out? My freaking heart, man. Your heart? About what? I just don't know what it's feeling. I'm trying so hard... Oh, my gosh. Stop. I don't know what's going on. Now you're trying to figure it out? I know a million guys like you. That's a load of sht. There's people that don't know what they want, and that's you. You don't know what you want. A million people have told me. That's what I'm trying to do. Okay, then you can try to do it with somebody else, because I'm fckng over this. Okay. You told me last night that you were ready to propose to me. That's insane. You literally said that last night. I like you. I'm not even entertaining this conversation. This is embarrassing. Okay. Bye, Jessica. fck. Say you hate, say you hate me Just say some Just say something Being married is the next step in the rest of my life, and it's... If I don't start now, who's to say that I'm ever going to find someone? Like, any of these girls. I look like a freaking fool. I have all these conversations with someone, and then tell them how I feel. I tell them that, you know... like, they're strong in my mind, and... I'm not good at reading minds fck. Just say anything Jessica, how you feeling, friend? Don't let that dude fck with you. What? Don't let Barnett fck with you. What do you mean? I'm just telling you, he's a fuckboy. I just walked out on him. Who'd you walk out on? How so? What do you mean? He's been telling me a lot of things. He told me he's going to propose to me, last night. He told me he wanted to propose to me, and make me his wife, and he just told me tonight... I was like... That's what set me back, I'm like, "What the hell?" He is a total dck. He doesn't know what he wants, period. What just happened is is really kind of earth-shattering for me. Your relationship with him may be different, but I think... I know, but it gets to the point... I know, I know. Do not let him fckng make you look like he just made me look. I told her last night that I was, like... considering proposing to her, almost, and like, I feel fckng ridiculous and stupid as sht for saying that sht. Like, I'm not trying to be an asshl. It's just, I can't help my ability to connect with people, and that there's multiple people that I connect with. I don't know. Again, I still strongly believe that everyone's relationship is different. Maybe he's having issues, but he told me tonight that he doesn't know what he wants, and he's fckd up in his head. That's what he told me. After telling me he was literally... What? After last night, literally telling me he was gonna marry me. Maybe it was less of a serious, "Will you marry me?" and more of a off-handed, "Yeah, I would marry you tomorrow," which I guess she took more seriously than he did. So... I don't know. Ooh, ooh Spinning like a carousel Ooh, ooh Hello? Hello. I'm pissed, because I had visualized Barnett as someone I could spend the rest of my life with. Yesterday, I was thinking, "Mark, Mark, Mark," and Barnett came and distracted me with this game. So I really hope that I didn't mess it up with Mark. He is just everything, everything I've ever wanted, and so much more. What's up? I'm so sorry. I feel like such an asshl. I just, like... I don't know, I feel like I had to think. I didn't know what was happening. I swear, though, like, it was him, like, I swear to God. It wasn't me. Now I'm just like... I don't know... Babe, I was so confused, you know? And I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's cut off. Like, it is totally cut off. I'm not seeing him anymore. Barnett is definitely not what I want. Baby, I don't want to date anybody else. I know my worth, like a thousand percent. Like, I know who I am. I know what I bring to the table, and I know everything I'm worth. And I'm not second fiddle. Look, I'm real. I'm not some dude, acting like I'm something I'm not. One of the things my mom always taught me growing up, is that when you love something, and you let it go, if it comes back, it was always for you. If it doesn't come back, it was never for you in the first place. And I could feel it. She was like, "Babe." She said "babe" like a thousand times after that. Jessica's finally telling me what I've always wanted, and I don't know how to how to take it. It's like I just can't wrap my head around it. Now, I always want you to be 100% transparent with me. Yeah. And so, I want you to know that, like... I do care about you. And I get it. There's a lot of societal sht, whatever, and there's a lot of, you know, sht that we would have to combat. Yeah. We just don't know what's gonna happen. I've taken a step back a little bit from Mark, and letting him know if there are connections with other people, and I wouldn't blame him for wanting to take a step back from me. Now I don't know if I'm going to end up with anyone. Your soul's on the line You don't know where to hide You're running running Straight into the light There's nothing believable about this experience. The "physical and emotional gauntlet" is what I've called it. It's overwhelming, but in all the best ways. I honestly don't believe that if, had I not gone through this process, I would have found the woman of Kelly's caliber, in the real world. I know that I found someone that I can trust, and that's the biggest thing. And she can rely and trust in me forever. Milady. HI. How are you today? I'm great. You're great? Yeah. I can tell. Yeah. I've appreciated this journey with you. I know that I need to be with you, and you're exactly the person that I've been looking for. And I'm going to go ahead... I'm going to cover my eyes, because I kind of want to just black every single thing out... ...and just be with you in this moment. Okay. Can you do that, too? Yep, I will close my eyes. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and get down on my knee. Mm-hmm. And I'm going to ask you, Kelly Marie, will you marry me? I will, yes. Oh, my God. Are you excited? Yeah. I am so pumped. I love you today, and that love will remain, but I can't wait to learn to love you even more. I love you, too. It's so surreal. I don't know how to even describe the thoughts that are going through my mind. I've found someone who... I've worked so hard to think of and dream of in my head. Oh, my gosh. You are just this... perfect person on the other side of this wall, and I cannot wait to meet you and touch you. Oh, my gosh. I have longed for this for so long, and I just feel like he has been my missing link. like having that companion, and it's just, like, complete right now. Um, I can't wait to see you. I can't wait to see you either. I love you. I love you, too. Whoo! Whoo! Yes! Yes! Oh-oh. Let's go! Yeah! Whoo! Crashin' in love Hello? It feels so good to hear your voice again. Yeah. So, something, seemed like in your past, or something has happened that has caused you to feel that you're not beautiful. Why is that such a fear for you? Because I feel like there's so many beautiful things about you. Well... I guess moving here, like, America, I was different, you know, and then I got picked on a lot in high school, and for some reason I just felt inadequate. This is hard... for me. I'm sorry you had to go through that. Hearing you talk is just, like... I got picked on a lot in school, too. I got made fun of. I was tiny and small, you know, I was... quirky and weird, I guess. And it really took years after high school to figure out who I am and what kind of man I wanted to become. You know, everybody's had something in their past, but, like, you've got to love yourself, and you got to trust, and let other people love you for who you are. And if they can't, then, in simple terms, I just say, screw 'em. Mm-hmm. Are you "uh-huh"- ing, or are you humming? I'm "uh-huh"- ing. Uh-huh. I just wanna love ya I have definitely thought about the visual first impression, because I do want him to love me on the outside, too, even though we've connected on such a great scale, emotionally. I definitely want him to... I want him to love this shell, too. I've always known that Kelly, without a shadow of a doubt, was the person that I was meant to meet. She and I didn't share any descriptions of each other. I can just tell that she's such a gentle person, and to me that means so much more than just, you know, some other physical characteristic. Hey! How are you feeling? She's beautiful. She's perfect. She's a little, you know, 5'2", short thing. I can just bundle her up, and she just buried herself in my chest, and it's like we've known each other our entire lives. I'm so excited. I'm ready. Yeah? Good. Yeah. Good. Kenny and I got to know each other on such an emotional level, because we couldn't see each other. And the physical attraction was there, too. I mean it was in tenfold, because I know what makes him who he is. And he's just so beautiful inside and out. I'm so excited for the next few weeks, and hopefully the rest of our lives together. Hello? Hi. I, like, really miss that voice. It's really crazy. After our talk yesterday, I went to bed thinking about you, and when I woke up, you were the first thing I thought of this morning. It's scary to have this amount of emotions, so fast. And it's not like me. I don't, like... I don't get attached quick. That's the same thing with me, too, but... something that is kind of like in the back of my head... is that I self-sabotage all the time. But I realize that I do it when something that's too good to be true is happening to me. Because my parents' divorce really fckd me up. I guess what I'm trying to say is, this is something that I've always been afraid of. I can picture my life with and without Damian. But my life is so much sweeter with him in it. I don't want to picture my life without him. I mean, I'm scared, but... I know you don't wanna get hurt, as much as I don't wanna get hurt, and I feel really strongly about you and the way things are going, and I think I could really see something with you. Mm-hmm? Am I falling in love? Am I in love? I want the answer to be "yes." I feel such a strong connection with her right now, and... it's unbelievable, but there's always that fear of losing her, and it's a scary thing. But I feel right now, we've built such a strong bond, that I'm willing to stay here to find out if she is my true love. Thank you... so much. I'm the one that should be thanking you. Feels like I've been here for months. I'm drained, just emotionally drained right now. Last night was really rough with Jessica, and I'm scared to only have a couple days. I just hope for happiness. That's all I see, is just like whoever I'm with, just smiling all the time, and making them smile, and, like, me smiling too, obviously. Because I just want a good life. Hey. Hi! What are you getting into over there? Oh, I brought my ukulele. Oh! You play the ukulele? I wanted it to be surprising. Are you about to serenade me? Did you write me a song? I wrote you a song, it's called LC Is my favorite initials Okay. Every single person here, guy or girl, has gotten to a point where they're like... All of us are like, "I wanna marry this person." And we've known them for a week. I've gotten on a level here that I've not even gotten with myself, much less another person. But now I'm already way past anything with Barnett emotionally, and I don't even care what he looks like. I never thought I would say that. That's the only part I know. Were you ever in choir? Was I ever in choir? No. Really? No, I get my singing practice in the shower. Oh. It's like where I... That's where you really turn it up? Where I turn it up. Yeah, like my dog sits outside and looks at me weird. See, I don't live by myself, so for me it's the car. Yeah, I like to make up my own songs while I'm driving to work. Me, too. And I sing to them in the car, and I'm like, why does this sound so good? I mean, I should get a record deal, right now. LC, I like you. Yeah, you're the kind of guy I could definitely fall for really quickly and know that I would have a lot of fun with, which is my most important thing, always. That's what I was thinking, you know, we're so alike, it's ridiculous. And we like a lot of the same stuff. What's a song you know on the ukulele? Nothing, I don't know any songs. Okay, well, all right. Let's just... You like Taylor Swift? I love Taylor Swift. I don't know any Taylor Swift. I was just asking, because I like Taylor Swift. You do? Oh, yeah. Have you been to her concert? If she was in this, she would be the person I'd be marrying. Me, too. So what you're saying is... What I'm saying is... Taylor, if you're watching, and I end up single after this... Okay. I haven't been vulnerable in a long time, and I haven't been open in a long time with anybody. It makes me feel good to know that someone on the other side of that wall cares about me. How real has this sht got? So real, I didn't realize some of the issues that I have were still issues for me. Open up, girl. fck, where do I start? My... one and only serious relationship. This is going to be my future husband. Like, I told him, "I think I might be pregnant," and immediately he's in problem-solving mode. "Well, how are we going to fix this?" Like... it wasn't... Oh, God. I just... No, I got you. I know where you're at. I know what's going on. I don't have kids right now. So obviously I didn't follow through with the pregnancy. It was the... Oh, fck. It was... Yeah, you're okay. You're okay. It was... It was really the hardest thing I've ever gone through in my life. I was still learning what it meant to be in love with somebody, and because I loved him so much, I... I had an abortion. Uh... sht. It's not exactly something that's like... I'm proud of. After the fact, we were just talking. I'm telling him, like... I'm trying to explain what I'm going through, like, I'm having a really hard time getting out of bed in the morning. I don't eat. I'm not really sleeping. I just... This was supposed to be my other half. And his reaction, he goes, "Why don't you just get over it? You just need to get over it already. Like, move on." That is the last thing in the world you want to hear. I need to know if a situation like that comes up, and an unexpected pregnancy happens, I'm not going to be... I won't be forced to choose. I can't survive that again. Like, I just... I... It would destroy me. Deep breath in. Force the air out. For the first time my life, I know what I want. I want her. It scares the sht out of me. When you're in love, you know, it's scary, right? It's something that's powerful. As guys, we're taught that we are supposed to be in control, and for this, you're not. I am nervous, anxious, because when it comes to Giannina, I'm afraid that she'll get scared, and maybe leave, because she gets scared when things are too good to be true, and when things start to become real to her. She seems to pull away. I am going to propose today. You ready for this? I'm ready. I have fallen in love with who Giannina is as a person, and it is so much more beautiful than just basing somebody off their looks. Giannina, I love you with all my heart. Thank you for coming into my life, and letting me know what it means to live. Hello. Hi. How you feeling? Good. Yeah? Mm-hmm. I would love to hear your name again. Your full name. My full name... is Giannina... Milady... Gibelli. Giannina... Milady... Gibelli. Bingo. Hence, "GG." Hence, "GG." So I want to tell you... I've been... figuring out what makes Giannina tick, and I wanted to give you something that meant something to me. And I start putting things in this box, things from other countries, places I've been, and things I just... That say it's Damian. Did you get the box? This is my thoughts, my memories. Okay. And when you open the box, what do you see? Empty. It's empty, because I stopped. I was like, this isn't right. Besides my brother and my family, you've now become the most important thing in my life, and I cannot put you in that box. So I took the bow off the box. And I put the bow on my right hand, because today I don't just give you a piece of me, I give you all of me. I am your gift. Giannina, I love everything about you. Giannina Milady... Gibelli. Before you, I get on one knee for the first time in my life, and I ask you to take this bow. I ask you, will you marry me? Mm. I wanted to tell you something...Vanessa and Nick share a surprise with the group. Kelly and Kenny deal with distance, Jessica meets Marks roommates, and Amber throws a party. Damian Powers, will you marry me? I will marry you. Will you marry me? I will marry you. I will be your wife. I'm engaged to someone who I've never seen! You're such a beautiful person. I don't have to see you to say that. h h! Yeah. How you doing? I've never had a man so willing to show me how much he loves me. You know when people, like, name stars? I want that. Well, we will find a star, and we will name it after you. Gentlemen, meet the ladies that you did not propose to. Seeing Barnett and Mark, who would you say that you're more attracted to? You know, I would take Barnett. I know I don't want to go meet your family with a ring on my finger. There's nothing I don't like about you. Nothing. Ooh baby come a little closer I won't bite when I get to know you Something I can't deny I'm lost in your eyes I like it. A catamaran. I like it. Come on back. All right. So how's everybody feeling about, sort of, like, you know, vacation wrapping up and, like, us heading back into, you know, move-in day? So ready. Ready to be back. And I've loved this entire experience, it's just... seeing the rest of everything, the reality. The reality of everything come together, and... I'm so torn because, like, I want to stay in the bubble, and I like the "just us" thing. But also I'm super excited to get to, like, introduce him to everybody back home and share. Yeah. I do think some of the couples... They're more in their heads instead of their hearts. They're not really embracing what they're feeling, because it scares them. So I don't really know if everybody is honestly going to... make it to that "I do," but I know Barnett and I will. Oh, wow, I just had mad dj vu. Wow. That's deep. Okay. Oh, my God, we were meant to be here, you guys. I've been dreaming about y'all. It is weird how familiar everyone seems. It's crazy. It's amazing how Cameron's still so calm through this whole process. Cameron's just like, "this is amazing." That's just... That's just me, y'all. This breeze is amazing right now. It is! This is what we were waiting for. The calm before the storm. You know what? Storm's a-brewin', guys. Storm's a-brewin'. Welcome, everyone. Good morning. Hope you've enjoyed your romantic getaway. Lauren and Cameron, Gigi and Damian, Kenny and Kelly, Amber, Barnett, Mark, Jessica... In this blind love experiment, you guys chose each other. You fell in love, and then you got engaged to the person who is now your fianc, before ever seeing one another. You've had an amazing opportunity here to begin to grow your emotional connection into a physical one. Yo. I'm guessing some of you had more fun with that than others. Not naming names. No names. I don't know what y'all are talking about. Now it's time for you to leave this paradise and start building your lives together. Each of you will move into a new home A neutral space for you guys to deepen your relationships. But it's so important that you continue to support each other when you go back home. No one else on the planet understands what you ten are going through. And now you guys will have a support system that's very, very close. Like, next door. How close? How close are we talking? We all dated, guys. Let's not go there. Each couple is going to be moving into the same complex. Meet your new neighbors. How thick are the walls? Oh, my God. Lauren, is that a good "Oh, my God?" I don't know yet. Bunch of misfits. I know. In this physical world, your love is going to be put to the test. You're going to face so many challenges. How are you guys going to integrate your lives? Your friends, your families, your careers, your homes. You'll get your phones and devices back. Ooh! Your weddings are just three weeks away. Ooh! Okay. Yeah. In the pods, you guys all built an amazing foundation. And if you make it through these tests, I promise your marriage is going to move forward on extremely solid ground, a ground that you've built. It's as strong as, or stronger than, any marriage ever. We're giving you the absolute best chance for lifetime success. But will you allow the opinion of family and friends, the allure of other people, the distractions of social media, to sabotage your wedding? Sabotage your happiness? This is all part of the experiment. Will you judge one another for your looks, your race, your age, your family, or your circumstance? Will any of that really matter? Or will love be enough? Is who you are on the inside enough? Are you enough? Ultimately, in front of your family and your friends, you're going to decide. Will you say "I do" to the person you chose sight unseen? Or are you going to walk away from them forever? Is love blind? We hope that you prove it is. Everybody, have a safe trip home. Best of luck with your wedding plans. Yes, we'll see you guys back home. See you soon. Take care. Safe travels. Good luck planning the weddings. See you guys. Safe trip. Yes! Cheers! No, but it's been fun. I mean, getting to know you and see you every day and hold you, and... Not that I won't be able to do that, but, you know... It's just different when there's no other distractions. Social media and phones and all that stuff you know, it's just different, so... Going back into the real world, we're going to have distractions. I think one of the biggest challenges is social media. There's images of girls, images of guys. We've talked about this. You know, you have full access to... you know, see who's texting or direct messaging me. I mean, it's not... I don't have anything to hide. Right. Um, I think I left something downstairs. I bet you did. Am I nervous about the outside world? I'm not nervous, I'm curious. 'Cause things are gonna change. But how? We'll see. You think they'd be mad if we just, like, sort of stowed away in here? This isn't a boat. I don't think that's how this works. We're sad to be leaving, but we are excited to start our lives together. Let's get outta here. Step by step. Yep. Day by day. Let's do it. We just got home. Mm-hmm. And guess who is heading on a trip. This one. It's all right. I have to go to San Diego for two days. Which means that I'm not gonna see him after seeing him now. Be safe, I love you. Aw. I'll call you later. You met the man of your dreams? Yes. Oh, my God! Hey! Say hi! Hi, this is Mark. Hi, Mark. There's something about just landing at home and getting back to normal life. I got my phone back, and the first person I call is my mom. I've never gone that long without checking in with my mom ever before. So, it was just a sigh of relief that I let her know what's going on. I've come back with a fianc. She's told me that she can make Italian beef for me, so I was like, all right, that's it. That's awesome. That's it. Welcome home, guys. Aww. Thanks, guys. Ready to see our new home? Yes, let's do it. Let's do it. This is our first night together, in our new place together. This is nice. Yeah. I love it. Oh, man. Bedroom. Cool. Cute. Cute. The wedding is in three weeks, and on the inside I'm freaking the fck out, okay? "A," because I think that planning our wedding is going to be stressful. "B," I'm anxious just kind of about sharing space in general, because I have been alone for a long time. That sounds bad, but it's the truth. It's my truth, I own it. I'm ready to eat. Me, too. I just have to keep reminding myself, like... "You love Cameron, this is going to be great, it's going to be beautiful." And so I just think that the next couple weeks are going to be hella stressful. You know... What's up? I feel like I'm crunching so loud, like... And it's funny, because one of my pet peeves is when I can hear people chew. Yeah? What are your other pet peeves? I'm a clean person, so I don't like clutter. And I feel like if you use a dish, like, just wash it. Um, what else? Oh, put the toilet seat down, please. Because if I fall in the toilet... ...I will not speak to you. Even though I love you, don't use my toothbrush. Some people do that. Do you do that? I wouldn't have a problem with it, but I'm not gonna do it. Oh, my God, honey. What? That would really bother you? You using my toothbrush? Yeah. Are you for real? I mean, just... Have you shared a toothbrush with someone before? Have I done it before? Yes, I've done it before. Oh, my God. As a married woman, I am willing to share a lot of things with my husband. We can share food, we can share a bed, we can share a pillow. But I'll be damned if we are sharing a toothbrush, Cameron. That is nasty. That is nasty. Nasty! No. It's just, I can't. I can't do that. I just can't believe he even said that. Unbelievable. No way. Mm-mm. But I love you. But not that much. No, I'm kidding. Wow. I'm joking, I'm joking. What's some of your pet peeves? Not being able to use your toothbrush. Oh, my God. This is pork. I cannot wait to tell my mom that we're engaged. She's going to freak out. Oh, yeah? Oh, yeah. Like, everything's going to go into hyperdrive because the wedding is in three weeks. Geez Louise. Three weeks. Three weeks. Are you gonna... Are you scared yet? It'll hit me. So... In case you try to run, you should know that I put a tracker in your ring. I mostly promise. I'm... I'm nervous. Oh, God, I'm so ready to eat. Are you excited to tell your mom? Mm-hmm. I'm nervous to tell my family. Why? They're gonna think I'm insane. I think my mom's gonna be excited because she thinks I'm going to settle down. Joke's on her. You're as weird as I am. Mm-hmm. I think it would be hard for somebody that hasn't lived through this to understand how serious it is, and how legitimate these feelings are. If you've never lived it, you'll never understand it. You complete me. I don't typically unpack the day of. Today you do. Considered you're an organized mess, I'm going to make you organized. Without the mess. There's a lot in there. I have a feeling, like, there's more coming. Well, moving in with Damian is going to be another adventure. We're going to be here forever. I brought a lot of unnecessary things, maybe. But you always have to be prepared. So, I dress in my mood, That's how you know. That's why you have so many different outfits. Yes. Oh. God, Giannina. Look at that, see? That didn't take too long. Three more suitcases to go. What's going on? Hey, babe! Hey! It feels a little weird to be here without Kelly in the apartment. You, uh, you make it on time? Yeah, I'm about to start the conference. I'm glad we have the opportunity to talk for a second, and for me to see your face. Oh, heck, yeah. Heck, yeah. Being alone tonight for the first time in five days, it'll be a little strange. You know, I'll miss Kelly. Knowing that she was, you know, there next to me definitely brought a sense of comfort. I'm sure that it's going to be tough for her to fall asleep in San Diego on this, you know, work trip. All right, babe. Well, I will let you scoot, and I'm going to get back to eating some dinner. Okay. Sounds good. All right, babe. I love you. I love you too. Cheers. Cheers. To a new home. To a new home. Now that we're back in Atlanta, I'm just looking forward to having somebody at the end of the day. When I get back from a trip, being able to come home to him and laugh. You know, as you can see, we have a lot of fun. So that's something that I've been missing for a long time. I'm hoping that that can really reignite my passion and hopefully set off this other physical piece of our relationship that I have been trying to, you know, fill. We have a very small bed here. Much smaller than anything I'm used to, and I don't feel uncomfortable, kind of crawling in here with him, so I think that's a step in the right direction. So I noticed you got your ring back on. I did. I signed up for this experiment. I want to be in it fully. So I put back on the ring and I'm here, and I want to be present in this. I'm opening my heart up to this whole experience, so... It feels awesome to see kind of like a switch turn for the better, and I'm excited to see where the rest of this journey goes. I think what's really important is getting back to what got us here at this point, is being able to communicate. And it's one of those serious things that is... If I'm going to the bathroom on a double flusher... No, she didn't. What? Seriously. That takes a long time. Well, you know what? By all means. I proposed to someone I didn't see. By all means, we're on this level. We never talked about poop. Never talked about poop. That would've been the deal sealer. Would it have been? You should have started with day one. You don't want someone who's constipated. If you would've said... No, if you would have said... They'll be pissed off. ..."I'm a double flusher kind of girl," then I would have been like, "You know what? I got you." Mark, everyone poops. Okay, so this is the serious question I have, though. Because if you want to get real close... Yeah? ...are you comfortable being in there while Mount Vesuvius is erupting? I will hold my breath. But as long as I can brush my teeth, and... That's love! As long as I can go like this and brush my teeth... That's love. Looks like we're officially all moved in, honey. I know. It's like the... honeymoon is over. But the honeymoon phase is still going on. It still feels pretty good to me. I still feel like I'm floating. Now that we're going back into the real world, I'm sure that we'll have a lot of hurdles and obstacles to overcome. Parents and friends and their opinions. I mean, even the fact that we are an interracial couple. But I love Cameron for who he is on the inside. You know, that's what I fell in love with. And if we get married, I think that we would have a wonderful life together. Whoop! You're so romantic. I love it. Mm. I don't know why I'm, like, nervous for you to see my place now. You are... I am who I am. So today we're going back to our own respective homes... This is my block. Okay. Here we go. My place. ...to pack up what we need to live together up until the wedding. Here we go. This is the dollhouse. Beautiful. It's small, but you know. It's okay. Yeah. Good things come in small packages, they say. Right, right? So this is mi casa. Let me give you a little Cribs tour. Please. Uh, this is my studio. My place is definitely my sanctuary. Even though it's small, I've really made it my own. I'm a bit of a loner, so I guess I'm just protective over it in a lot of ways, and I was just hoping that I didn't leave anything out that I forgot to put up. I like to make vision boards. Oh, this is kind of like Mexico. Right. Oh, wow. It's kind of crazy how similar that is. Yeah, that's awesome. We had rose petals in our little pool. Wow, we did. Aww, this, too. I'm seeing the beach and... kayak. Yeah, Mexico. Where? Oh, yeah. I was a little nervous about Cameron seeing my messy "throw everything in there" closet. Um... Grab those. But he didn't judge me, so it's okay. Let me get my camera stuff. Do you want this as well? No, I don't need that. Okay. Thank you, though. Mark loves me unconditionally, but I don't want to be nave to the fact that some people are not going to be happy if we get married. I don't want us to be super disappointed when the real world smacks us in the face and doesn't accept us. Oh, my God! Brown on brown on brown on brown? I've never seen this many shades of brown, actually. I swear to God. I don't ever use these shades of brown. It's kind of funny. How now brown cow? God! Is this a beanbag chair? I haven't had one of these in a while. Don't do it. Why? It's cozy. Look at all your gaming systems. My little brother would dig this setup. Do you need your college history book? No, it's my personal training book. Okay. Sorry. Let's sit down so he can fill us in on what's happening. He lives with his best friend and his best friend's girlfriend. So... God bless him. I could never have roommates again. I have thought a ton about what our friends and what our family will say about our age difference, and I keep reminding him that that is going to affect our relationship. He's really strong-willed about the fact that we can get through anything, and I want to believe in that, but I'm also realistic. How's it's been without me? Uh, well, we have food in the pantry and in the fridge. So that's always a plus. We bought groceries once a week. Yeah, uh... Well... I told her, I was like, literally our house is based on sarcasm. It's like the second you walk in and you mess up even a little bit... Even a stutter... We're all over you. We're all over it. You gotta be on your best game every single time you're in this house. I mean, you come here, you come prepared. Alright, alright. I like it. The cool thing about Mark, something I've always admired about him... is he gives 110% to whatever he sees and he puts his mind on. Anything he does, he does real well. But the problem is, the things he doesn't want to do, Jesus couldn't convince him to do it. He is not gonna do it. Like what? Like the dishes. He does not like to do dishes. What? That's not true. That is not true. Oh, really? That is not true. I picked up your dishes this morning. Night one in the apartment. What? Any dish that will fit in a dishwasher, he'll load it in there. But if it's too big, forget about him hand-washing it. All right, I'm making notes over here. Yeah. And I'm drinking. Well, Mom folded some laundry for you. It's in your room. She did your laundry while you were gone. That's amazing. My heart. I hope you're also taking notes of this. Laundry. You know... I work 70 hours a week. We've had this discussion. I don't do laundry. Mark, you're gonna do the laundry. No, I will never do his laundry. I will never do his laundry. I don't even do my own laundry. I'm happy to I take his laundry to wash-and-fold. So we aired all his dirty laundry. Tell us about yourself. I work for a technology company and I travel quite a bit, that's one thing we've talked about. Our jobs are totally different, our lives are totally different. I've got a golden retriever and a house in Peachtree Hills. So, yeah. That's awesome. So I'm curious. I gotta know. What did Mark tell you to pick him? Um... I've always been kind of scared of commitment because I felt like it was never the right person. You know, but with him, just something clicked. And it was because we created an emotional relationship. In three weeks we're getting married. That's fast. You know... Yeah. Yeah. And for right now, I can see... I felt like these guys didn't judge us at all. They didn't ask anything about the age. So I really liked that. And, you know, Mark's told me to trust him about that this entire time, and now I feel very at ease about the situation. But I'm... You put me in an awkward predicament. You've got big competition around here. Wow. He did pretty good. I picked a pretty good one, so... Nice. Picked a pretty good one. But yeah, no, it's... I don't know. Excited about it. That's awesome. I've put my ring back on because I want to be all in. It was nice meeting you, Jessica. Good luck to you guys. Right now I feel really great wearing it and seeing if this thing will work out for us. This was a huge day for us. Love y'all. See you later. Bye. All right. It's quite large, sir. It's very nice, though. Very Southern. When I bought this three bedroom home, I had my hopes on the idea that I would have a wife, and I could start a family with her. So... Now having Lauren in my life, you know, I might try and plant some seeds in her mind while she's there. Oh, wow. This is really nice, Cameron. Yes. I love the wood floors. And the fireplace. Right. Oh, wow. Everything's like new, too. Yeah. Well, you show... I don't just want to walk around. You show me. Oh, no, please. I mean... This is your place. Well, it could be our place pretty soon. Could be. Yes. This is nice, I want to explore. Okay. The master. Here we go. It's freaking big, Cameron, for just you. Hopefully not for too long. You must have anticipated, um... Mm-hmm? ...having someone else very soon. It took a while. It's beautiful. Ooh! Wow. This reminds me of, like, the frat houses in college. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of them had, like, the balconies like this. Right. This home is beautiful. You have plenty of space for me in here. It's so crazy, like, just... Like, seeing this and thinking about the future, and, like, "Oh, this could be a kid's room." You know, I'm so happy to hear Lauren say that she could think of the empty room in my house as a kid's room. I was originally thinking it could be an office space for her, and it still could be, but... Crazy as it sounds, I'm, I'm... I'm ready to have children with her in not that much time. I mean, we want to enjoy being husband and wife... but, you know, I want her to have my babies, so... Our babies. Yeah. I want it to be your home. Yeah? You want me to live here with you? I do. You know, I have found the one. I was in love once before. And I loved that person very much, but... I knew that there were going to be problems, always. Things that I couldn't get past. But with Lauren... I don't have those concerns. I would love to. I do love my place. I think that the location is excellent of my place. Mm-hmm. How would you feel if I kept it? Um, well... I don't know. Okay. Yeah. I mean, does that bother you? Like... Why are you laughing? Nothing. You seem uncomfortable. Really? I'm not trying to rush you. Yeah. But, you know... Okay. I am feeling a lot of different emotions. Thinking of, like... Wow, I could really just be giving up my personal space forever. And I really enjoy my personal space. But being in a marriage kind of changes everything. So I'm just trying to listen to myself and my heart, and my mind, at the same time. This is all feeling quite real. It's feeling quite real right now. It's very real. We're not in the pods anymore. I know. This is your real life. Yeah. It's overwhelming. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ I'm walking on wires lately I'm keeping my balance But I don't think I can finish this I won't get too ambitious No Here is my home. Aw, baby, it's so little. No! Just kidding. I kinda want that... It's cute. It's huge! My house has one bedroom. It feels like if I have kids, like, we're always going to be on top of each other. I like it. What? It's alright. What do you mean? It gets the job done. My house is a mess. I mean, my carpets are dirty because I got a dog, and she pees a little, sometimes, inside. I don't want her to think less of me because of my house. I think, just the way it looks, the size of it. Hi! Hi, pretty girl. Hi, baby. Oh, God, she's huge. Hi, Coda. Did you miss me? Come on. Hi. Oh! You actually have furniture. I do have furniture. You... It's not as bad as I thought it was gonna be. It's nice, baby. I like it. I got papers here and there. These are my stairs. That hole in the wall is from Coda. Oh, boy. Never fixed. How did she put a hole in the wall? She's very clumsy. I pick my girls clumsy, too. Oh, that's fair. She runs too fast. This... This is the bed. Ooh! The bedroom. Really? You couldn't even make your bed? Come on. This is me and Coda's bed. It's me and Coda's bed. I didn't know when I'd be back. Ooh! Ooh! I fits. It's a big tub. If I fits, I sits. I like this. I don't know if I'd sit down in there. What did you do to the bathtub? Nothing! Oh my God. What? Oh, hold on. Closet. Closets? Can you get the... Okay, all right. You got all this space and you can't even keep your clothes hung up? Coda, what have you been doing with this fool? You haven't trained him yet? I'm sorry, okay? So I am a little less responsible than Barnett in terms of my assets. I never really worked towards the future. I never thought about having a home. I was more of a "work just enough, so that I could enjoy my life." You're gonna get all the dog hair on your ass. Since the place that I'm living in now isn't really even mine, and I'm not going to be living there much longer anyways, I'm just really excited to move into B's house with him and start making our home there. I would love to be a stay-at-home mom, and right here and now, as far as I'm concerned, it's our house, and our family that may or may not be started there. It's our relationship that's gonna grow in that home. That's all I care about. My house is very small. If we do move out of here, we'll be getting another loan for another house. I have an average credit score. It's not great, but it's not bad. But also because I've only got one credit card. It's my makeup credit card, but it's only a $700 limit. Still seems pretty high for makeup. I'm at the limit. You think that. Okay, makeup is expensive! Wait, you have makeup credit card debt? I do, I do. It's really easy to run that up really quickly, okay? And I think the last time that I actually used it, I spent like, over $200 in one spree. On makeup? It's expensive! So, uh, you know... Oh, and then there's my student debt from where I never graduated college. How much are we talking about? Well, around about 20 grand... that I have not been paying on. You haven't been paying? I have not. No. Oh. I have been pushing it off, and off... So it just gets worse, and worse, and worse. Do you pay the minimum at least, or no? No. I haven't paid anything. I've been out of work, or I was homeless for a while and I was, like, couch-surfing between, you know, my friends' homes. How many days a week do you typically work? As many as I want. I work to live. I don't live to work. I think she knows you're stressed. Are you sure you want to marry me? Wow. Alright. I love the style. Thanks. Who is it? Hi! Hi, pumpkin! And, wow. This is my house. If there's anything I ever pictured of, like, you, it's like this. This is my room. Wow. Relax. Seriously, you're way more color-coordinated than I am. I feel like I've come a really long way in my career and I'm really secure in where I'm at. But being on the road can be really lonely and coming home is usually the worst part. Um, because you realize there's no one to come home to. So it's awesome having him here, and opening up my reality to him. I'm someone who wants kids, and I'm no stranger to science. So, like, I realize that if I want three kids I probably have to start soon. Mm-hmm. At some point. Dude, if I'm 24, I don't want to be having kids in, like, a year. You know? Like, that's like very young. So, I'm gonna be like... My parents were, like, 20. My parents... Like, my dad was your age. My mom was, like, 19. So here's my thing. Again, I'm not your average 24-year-old that is like... I've done, like, whatever. I've partied, I've hung out, I've lived my life, had experiences. Yeah. Cool. I'm ready for the next phase of my life. Like, that doesn't stress me out, the thought of having kids. Guys my age aren't ready for kids. You know, that's something that will drive guys 35-plus away. And I think that's one of the biggest, you know, reservations for me is I look at Mark who's like, "Oh, yeah, I'm ready for kids! Yes, of course I am!" And it's like, "Really?" I don't want him to settle down with me and then regret it. Okay, so let's play this out. We have a kid, and I'm like, 36. You look good. You're 26. Cool. The kid turns 14. Mm-hmm. I'm 50. Okay. You're 40. Okay. How do you feel about that? Just... It doesn't bother me at all. No? Mm-mm. At all. And I know that sounds... Okay, let's play it out further. Okay. The kid turns 24. I'm 60. Mm-hmm. He's 24, I'm 60. And I'm 50. At that point it's... What, we're both... Yeah. Okay. We're both in our 50s and 60s. It doesn't scare me. Like, look me in the eyes. I can look you in the eyes... Yeah. ...and say it doesn't scare me. Biologically, yes, I understand the... Okay, as a woman you... We have to do this soon. She keeps throwing scenarios at me, saying, "When I'm 50 and you're 60," and I'm like, "And?" Like it doesn't matter about the age. It's gonna be us. Okay, so, then in 10 years, if the kid's, like, eight years old... Mm-hmm. ...and I want to move to California or I want to move back to Chicago, and that's when your parents would be 75 years old, and you told me you want to take care of them. Mm-hmm. So, how does that then come into play? I'm not shouldering that burden by myself. Me and my sister are both responsible. And my parents aren't people that are going to be the type of people that be burdens. You know what I'm saying? Like, I want to put... You do not know what's going to happen to your parents. And that's what... I'm being very careful. And I don't want to say anything at all. All I know for right now is that my decision, what I feel here, is that whenever I have to make a decision... Say we move to California with our kids, I'm going to make that with you. Yeah. Not with the influence of, like, what my mom thinks. Because my mom will always support what I do. Mark is very emotionally available. To me, it's a bit of a red flag, because no guy is that emotionally available. I've never seen it. Never experienced it. It's like we're watching an experiment on Discovery Channel, for all I know. I mean, he's... Everything I say, he's up for it. Thinking about, like, if we're to take the next step in three weeks and kind of, like, playing that all out, you know, I think, like, the leading... reason for divorce is, like, finances. I've never thought about anybody, really, other than myself, because I've never been married or had a kid or anything like that, but things happen very quickly and you want to make sure that you're able to provide that security and comfort. For a long time in my professional life I wasn't making six figures, you know? And then, like, it feels like, once it happens, it just kind of, like, continues to grow from there. In this moment right now, I'm not the financial provider. I know that. I'm going to be honest, I'm not going to lie to you. Yeah. That's okay. And, you know, that's just being real. You know, I'm not making, like, $100,000, you know? But I know now, with what I know with fitness and where I want to go with it, I just want you to know that, like, I may not be, like, there yet, but I'm, I'm... I hope you see my mindset of where I'm gonna be. This isn't gonna be butterflies and rainbows all the time, and that's why you see me tonight... I challenged him and challenged him. Because, you know, I want this to be successful at the end of the day, and I don't want us, you know, in three weeks to walk down the aisle, and this all be for nothing. Um... But what are your thoughts around, like, kind of like gender roles and how they play into managing finances? Again, I refer back to my mom, and how she is, you know what I'm saying? And I see a lot of qualities similar. And so my mom has always been that, like, rock. She's always been my rock solid, like... That's my woman. And that's why I'm attracted to you. Yeah, you're amazing, and not just what you... The physical features. It's you as a person. I want to be me, though. I don't want to be your mom. And I get that, like, you want to channel your parents, but you have to be you at the end of the day. You're a grown-ass man, you know? I wouldn't... I don't want you to be... Trust me, like, I'm good. Like, same thing, mentally. I'm good. Like, you know what I mean? I'm not saying it's, like, I want you to be a parent, you know what I mean? I'm not telling you... I don't want to be your parent. Or in comparison to my mom... I know you don't, and I'm just setting the ground straight now. You compare so much to your mom, I want to make sure you're keeping things in perspective. Yeah, yeah! I'm not trying to recreate your parents' marriage or something like that. I would never want that. Or recreate your mom. I'll never live up to your mom. I'll never be your mom. Like, you've explained her to me a million times, I am never going to be your mom. I'm just proud of her, basically. No, and I love that. And I say that... That's where my head was at, and it's, like... I don't want somebody... Girls get intimidated by that. No one lives up to Mom. Ever. No one can live up to Mom. Trust me... And I'm not trying to. And I would never want you to. There's no competition. There's no competition, because my heart is open to you. I don't want you to think you need to compete with my mom. He won't stop talking about his mom. And I'm like... dude. There is no comparison between you and my mom. My mom is separate, and she is... My mom will love whoever loves me, and I will love whoever I love because I love them. I don't seek the approval of my mom. I understand. Your mom's an incredible woman. I can't imagine how incredible she is. But every single topic, we relate back to Mom. Going into a marriage, if I'm really being realistic, like, I would definitely want to put like a prenup in place. Like, off the bat. I genuinely love this person. And so that's what's confusing me. It's not like we didn't talk about this in the pods. You knew how old I was. You knew! And you ignored it. You said, "Whatever, I want you." You knew what I did for a living. You said, "Okay." You knew everything about me in those pods. You said "yes" to me twice. Once behind a wall, and once in person. You could have easily... When you saw me in person, you said "You know what? No. I'm good." But you said yes. Um... On the way last night You said we could be anyone Because we've kind of been sequestered because of this whole experiment, we haven't really told his family yet. None of his friends know yet. So, for Barnett's birthday I am trying to get all of our fellow experimentees together and just kind of have like a little birthday celebration for him. What's up? What's up? Happy birthday! Blow them out, babe. Blow it out! They weren't trick candles. I was really expecting trick candles. Happy birthday, baby. Happy birthday, Barnett. Thank you. What's up, buddy? How you doing? Oh, I'm doing all right. You surprised? A little bit. A little bit? Just a little bit? Don't get too excited, it's all downhill from here. Bam bam. Birthday shots. Are we doing shots? To Barnett. To Barnett. To Barnett! Happy birthday, Barnett. Happy birthday, Barnett. Baby! Yes! I had these expectations, like, it's going to be a happy-go-lucky life. I thought when I found her, that was my pot of gold. No, no, no. That was the start of it. That was the beginning of it. I found the rainbow. Now it's time to go on that journey and find what it is. It kind of sucks for me because, like, he's such a girls' guy. Who? Uh, Cameron? Mark. Oh, Mark. Being in love is terrifying. Preach. And the more in love I keep falling with Barnett, the more scared I am that some... screw is going to be thrown into, all of these, these working gears, and something is going to mess up. And it's... You can't do that though. I know, it's... You can't, dude. I try not to think about it on a daily basis, because I'm so excited for how things are working. Then be excited. I can't lose a love like this again, for any reason. I think it would destroy me. I know it's so easy to say, because even in my situation, I'm like, I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. Because I don't want to lose a love like this. I look at her every morning, and I'm like, "fck... What did I do to deserve that?" I'm just someone that usually likes the unassuming, laid-back guy that's not like, talking about emotions with girls. And Mark is very, like, out there. Don't put so much pressure on making it work, and just enjoy. Live, breathe, because you finally deserve something. So do you have feelings for someone else? No. No? Mm-mm, mm-mm. Nope. So it's not, like, somebody else is in the background. No, no, no. Okay. If it... If you... Oh! Oh! Sorry y'all. When I get married, I do want to make sure that it's the right person. I guess I looked back, and I actually looked at a journal entry. I was so excited about Barnett. I did connect with him on such a deep level, and I was very passionate about that connection. And I thought, "Oh, this must be it." Happy birthday. Thanks. I'm really glad that I got this. It's the only thing I cared about. Dude, What is it? IPA? No, that's perfect. That's so good. "Ippa." I love ippas. So good. We're like right next door to it, too. We're right next door? What's you're... It's across the street. What's your apartment? What? What's your apartment? We're... We're two floors up. So I don't know if you're ever on the balcony, but I can look down and spit on you. I keep being naked in front of the window, and I'm like, "Oh, I forget I live in an apartment now." Yeah, that's my problem, too. My... My bad. Sorry, guys. Always naked. So what's up? How's, uh... How are things? Things are okay. Things are okay. I'm not... I'm not there. You know what I mean? Like, me and Mark are so dissimilar that it's... Really? It's like... Yeah. I mean, we're 10 years apart. We're like... Different decades. Different decades. Like, you name it, like, we're different. And... all those things. Why did you say yes, then? sht. I think I was so... I was coming down off of us. Caught up in the experience, yeah. There were 48 hours in the day. I thought about you for, like, 46 of those hours. Like, it was insane. Yeah? Yeah. I was like... I, like, was so high on that, and then, like... Then you said, "No, I didn't feel the same way," and I... I was coming off of that. Like, I was like, "This is what I've always gone after, and it's not worked." And here I am, and this person's liked me since day one. And then I was like, "Oh, this person's loved me since the beginning." Like, it's so, like, my whole life playing out and, like, maybe I should just go with that, like... I don't know. Um... Sounds like it's meant to be. I know. Oh! Oh! Oh, God. It's over there. I threw it... I threw it closer, a little bit. So how are you feeling about Amber? Is she everything you expected? Uh, she's... Actually, it's more than I expected, so... Which is good. She definitely gets me out of my comfort zone, like... You never struck me as a person that would go for Amber. And it's weird to see it all come together. I'm like, holy sht. You told me that a couple times. We both have pasts. Do you feel you guys are emotionally connected? I know y'all are obviously, like, physically, and, like... What I don't want is, like, for you to feel some sort of, like, physical, sxual thing that, like... And then you're married, and, like, two weeks down the road you're like, "fck, I don't have things in common withthis person on an intellectual level." I want to make sure that y'all are there. I know it may seem like we're always, on top of each other and stuff, but we're not. Aww, shenanigans. Where's... They're over there talking. I do just want to revisit for like a minute, like, the fact that, like, you were so confused two weeks ago. I want to make sure that... you're doing what's right for you, you know? I found someone who's gonna love me a hundred percent, no matter what. I think so, too. Her whole life is you. That's it. Her whole life is you. I know. You deserve it. You do. Hey. Nothing will ever break the bond we made. I know, I know. Literally. We had a friendship. We do. And honestly, like, I... want the best for you. So, like, if anything ever comes up, you fckng... You reach out to me. Yeah. Jessica probably had a little too much fun. I never felt like there was anything I had to worry about with my fianc, but if I felt like she stepped over the line one more time, I would break her face. I adore you. Aw. Bless her heart. Uh... Mm. I love you the most. Love you, too. What's going on? Nothing, baby. I know. I'm just happy, I'm good. Have a drink. Hey, you know... What happened? Nothing. Ah. So good. I don't know where Jessica's head's at right now. Easy deasies. The situation is very hot and cold. I don't know what I'm going to get on a day-to-day basis. Oh, it's so close. Hey, how'd that rim job go? How'd that rim job go? And when she's all over me, and hugging me and kissing me, it confuses the fck out of me. What? Does it feel pretty natural, living together now? Do you feel like it's pretty comfortable? Why do you keep looking at me? Go ahead. Uh, I mean, yeah, it's... We've had some difficulties just, like... adjusting. More so me, because I'm used to being alone. I can see that. Yeah. Lauren's like a roadblock. She's like... fck you, Damien. "I can see that, you being a lonely, bitter hag." No, no, I just like... What is wrong with you, Damian? What? I just try to put a smile on people's faces, and sometimes saying awkward, unconventional things... Yeah? It brings out the best in people. It does. And I'm not afraid to do that. That's great. Yeah. Is that sarcastic? You mean that? No. I totally mean that. Stop putting her on the spot. I know, like... Very awkward. I picked up that the conversation was awkward. That caused me to feel uncomfortable towards my fianc. I'm like... I don't know how I feel. I'm confused by the whole conversation. Gigi and Damien are like The Da Vinci Code. It's hard to crack. I'm not lying when I say that I'm still trying to read you. The problem is you're reading into things too much. I am, but I don't have... I feel like I don't have a choice, and it's really bothering me. When I feel things were being awkward... Like, I didn't like that. Then talk to me. Don't make a scene by walking off. Giannina is the love of my life. We've built such a strong connection, and I'm scared of losing that. Scared of losing her. So I didn't stomp off because I had a little btch fit. I stomped off because I'm not processing things correctly, so I left. You said I made things awkward, but they're, like, "What just happened with her?" You want to know the reason why I walked away? It was because I don't care what goes on in there and you feel like things are awkward and that's fine. I didn't feel comfortable, right? So what I said was, "That's not what she felt." How do you know what she felt? You're not Lauren. Listen to me. Stop interrupting me, please, for the love of God. Stop speaking for everyone else and speak for G. I'm trying. You're not. You're speaking for everyone else. You're not listening to me. You're speaking for everyone else. You're not listening. You're not even letting me talk. You're bringing me down. You're bringing me down! You're not letting me speak, you're not listening to me. I have been listening. mthrfckr. Listen. For two seconds. I have listened to you since the day we walked into the pods together. Not in person. I process. I have. This is what we were wondering was missing. Social situations. Because I don't like to be in awkward situations, which you willingly do. The difference is, G, is when things are too good... No, when things are comfortable, you self-sabotage as you always say. And you will bring... You don't care what you destruct In the process. You don't care if you bring me down. If I didn't care about bringing you down, I would have been, "That was awkward." We've talked about this. Why wouldn't I have done that? mthrfckr, listen to me. My fckng heart feels like it's breaking right now. Don't try To play me like a fool Cause I've been a fool for you Don't try To beg me for my love Cause I'm better off as one Sit here. Hey, I love you. Love you. What happened earlier? I was just with Gigi all night and it was crazy, so I had to talk to her tonight, I had to. I know. She's the greatest. She's a close second. I'm talking about you being the greatest. That was kind of a compliment. I'm not saying, like... You don't say somebody's a close second. No, that's not what I meant. This is a girl I look at, like, literally as my little sister. Baby, baby, baby. You're a close second. Babe. How is that? You're a close second. You're taking that the wrong way. Babe, babe, babe. Seriously, I'm not... I did not mean it like that. Stop. I was... Listen, straight up. All I was talking about was you. I was... I'm sorry that it was a bad joke. I apologize for that. It's the worst. Okay. Honestly, literally, she's older than you and she's beautiful and amazing. Okay. And you're beautiful and amazing. And, literally, you're like, "Oh, she's a close second." No. Get the fck out of here. That's not what I was trying to say like that. I think Barnett is fckn' sexy and, like, hot, and, like... What the fck is that? You're insulting me like that. Don't insult me like that. Are you fckng kidding me? Baby, baby. I'm good. It's confusing as hell. It's confusing. I don't know what she wants. She puts her ring on, she shows it off, and then she puts it away. It's just like this huge back and forth, just like... What do you want? If I get to the wedding day and... Jessica says no, I'm more alone than I've ever been. I never thought it would happen like this. I need a hand but here I stand alone Babe. Come here. I hear a cry But I think it's just my own Watch me rise up when the others fall I'll give more after I've given all Watch me rise up when the others fall They can bow but I'll be standing tallTensions mount between Giannina and Damian. Amber takes Barnett to her childhood home. Cameron braces for a fraught meeting with Laurens father. Feelings comes and words are said Forgiveness lingers with the dead But will we ever rise up From this grave I'm hearing a love song In the back of my mind I've been engaged for 10 days, and finding somebody that truly fell in love with me for me on the inside, and then coming into the real world and fighting all these external battles, it, it really has shown me that this society today is very superficial in age, race, creed, color, uh, social status, money... There's a connection between two people, but one person is letting all this external stuff affect that love, and it's kind of sad. How are you feeling? Mm. Well, a little not good. Drank too much. Yeah, I didn't... Sorry. It was totally my bad. Waking up this morning, I know I overstepped my bounds last night. I... overdrank. I definitely said some things I didn't really mean. I'm disappointed in myself about that, and definitely did not act according to my character or any way that I wanna portray myself to my fianc. You threw a couple wild cards, and I'm just like, "What are you talking about?" I know. I don't even know where that came from. Yeah, and that's another thing... My bad. That's not cool. If you were sober, and you're throwing something in my face like that, I would probably walk out. Like, last night, I understood the situation, what was kind of happening... Uh-huh. .. and the alcohol that was involved. That's, you know, something I gotta do better at, just knowing when to cut myself off and not... get to that level. I'm not holding anything against you. I'm still here because I see how she looks at me. She's just fighting with herself. I think we're both very intelligent people that we can just... We can work through it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm not upset. Okay, good. Thanks for being so understanding and... still being here in the morning. Come hang out with me. Please. I just need a minute. I don't wanna... leave on a weird note. So, tell me... what do we do now? Well, it's hard, G, because, I mean, things get heated. I don't like how it's handled. Like, me yelling? Yeah. I come from a loud family. We fight a lot. When we fight, we yell. We all yell, so it's normal. It's not normal to Damian. He doesn't yell. Okay, I won't yell at you. But when I'm at my wit's end, everything immediately becomes self-sabotage, partly because I just didn't know how to communicate things that were really bothering me. Right now. This whole process, it's everything sped up, including... the honeymoon stage. You know how you tell me this is the best sx of your life? Have you noticed that I don't return the compliment? I don't say, "It's the best sx of my life, too." I said that one time, and also you did say, "Wow! That was amazing. That was great." Every time, "That was really good." It's great, but it's not fckng mind-blowing. And the thing that states differently is I've never initiated with you. You've always initiated it with me. That's the problem! Thank you so much! Why? Why don't you initiate it? Why don't you seduce me? Even though I jump on you every freaking second, why don't you just look at me and take it? I don't understand it. It's... Why can't you just seduce me? It's because you connect and disconnect with me so bad that... To you, it's sx. To me, it's not. No, to me, it's not just sx. If it was just sx, then I would hv sx with everyone. I don't. I chose you. Yeah, but the difference is you say, "Hey, I don't love you anymore. I don't feel it with you. Hey, let's hv sx. Hey, we just had a massive fight in front of all of our friends. fck this! fck me." And that's what it always. It's always after we have an argument, aggressive discussion. I mean, it can't... Because then we make up. You're saying that I like to have angry sx. No, I'm not saying that. What I'm saying is you put an emotional roller coaster, and that's why I don't initiate it. When those thing happen consecutively, and you make it a consistent change all the time with your attitude and personality, I don't know when you're up or down. You know where passion comes for me, and where strong love comes for me, and great sx is when we can have a good fckng day, G. You don't have to take a great moment and crush it with something, because you feel like it's going too good. Do I give you butterflies, Damian? Not right now. I lost my butterflies. And I've been trying to get them back. So you're not in love with me anymore. I don't know. Because I have been feeling so up and down, and so in love and then so out of it. Do you understand? I don't. That's it. All cards on the table. I told you it was all gonna come out at once. It sure came out. But nonetheless... I appreciate you opening up and being honest. I feel like it's easier communicating like this, like we're back in the pods, than it is face-to-face. Do you feel like it's easier? I feel like we just got a lot more on the table than we have in a while. Yeah. Samesies. Maybe I can be passionate now. What? You're lucky there's a wall between us. Oh, yeah? Yeah. What wall? No wall. You're so annoying. I can be passionate as fck. All this tension and energy is, like, just coursing through my body right now. I don't know what to do with it. Like, I'm getting so anxious. Oh, I honestly hope they like me. I hope I'm not, like, like... I want to be... I want them to be impressed by me... a little bit, like... I want them to be, like, happy for you because of me. Darling, you are setting a new standard. I promise. Okay. Hey, if you say so. I am super-excited to get to introduce Barnett to my family. I told him earlier my mom's gonna be so stoked to find out that I'm engaged, because she thinks it means I'm gonna settle down. I mean, technically, I mean, yes, but I told him the joke's gonna be on her, because he's as crazy as I am. Is that your niece? That's one of my nieces. Shoot! I'm nervous as hell. Addison! Come here! Hi, baby. Amber's childhood home is in a rougher area, it felt like. I mean, I wouldn't have, like, imagined it, I guess, that that's where she's from. One of the biggest things I was worried about when she saw my house is it just wasn't gonna be good enough for her. Honestly, it made me think, you know, she doesn't care, and there's no reason I should have cared in the first place, and I don't know why I was ever worried, I guess, about that. Hi. Hi, love. Hi! You look nice. When do we get to talk about what's going on? Um, well... that's going on. You what? Amber Lynn! I'm getting married. Are you kidding me, Amber Lynn? No, I swear. Mom, this is Matt. Matt, this is my mom, Vickie. Hi. Nice to meet you. Hi. His name is Matt? Matt. Matthew Barnett. Okay. This is my sister, Samantha. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. And this is my stepdad, Pat. Oh, my God! Momma! Come here. Don't cry. Mom, stop crying. What are you doing? Go get me a tissue. I'll go get you a tissue. That's my baby. I know. I know. Well, my daughter came home, surprised me, and told me she's getting married. I think my biggest fear as a parent is... For Amber, I know that she has been hurt in the past. She's very friendly, and she's very outgoing, and I'm always so scared somebody's gonna take advantage of that, and she's gonna end up getting hurt. Are you excited? Yes, I am, but it just... So, but you're stable right? You work? Um... You're reliable? Financially stable. Mentally, maybe not so much at times. You're in the right family for that. He's an engineer. He works in construction. Well, I gotta make sure you're taken care of. I can take care of myself, Mom. I don't care. I know you can, but that's besides the point. Because you kids are all I have. I know. She never got to know her father 'cause he died... He died when she had turned five, so... She had it tough because it was just me and them. Yeah. Why are you marrying my daughter? 'Cause the way she makes me feel. I just can pretty much be myself with her, and that's really all I've ever wanted out of someone that's gonna be my wife. Aww. You just better take care of her. I'm going to. You raised a good girl, too, so... She's a very good girl, and she's smart, and she don't take no crap. That's one of the things I love about her, so... I like it. In the moment, I couldn't tell if she was angry or happy, 'cause she started tearing up. But I know she wants the best for her daughter. That's for sure. So, I want her mom to like me, and I want her mom to think that I'll be a great husband for her daughter, and it would be tough if she didn't approve. You've just been engaged for two weeks, huh? What did it for you? I don't know. It kind of occurred to me. I was like, "The conversation is so easy, and we had so much fun." I was like, "He's gonna be my best friend." After he proposed, I still didn't know what the hell he looked like. It's all based on just hearing each other, and talking, and getting to know each other that way, and you went for it. Yeah. Very good. Hey. Yeah. No, I mean, it wasn't that. I just really wanted y'all to meet her. Yeah, I got you. We were supposed to go see Damian's parents, and, um... They canceled, last minute. This was me really wanting you guys to meet her, and she's excited about meeting you also. You know, I'll try and figure out a way to, you know, let her meet you guys. So... All right. Okay. I love you, too. Is it me that they don't want to meet? What did you tell them? Like, who wants to feel that? This is so annoying, like... My parents are supportive of me, but I don't know if they're supportive of how this experience is going. I'm not going to make them do something they don't wanna do. Honestly... Oh! I'm thrown for a loop right now. You know how your parents react. Do they even know what's been going on this entire time? No, they're very familiar with what's been going on, and that's why I was saying it wasn't you that they didn't wanna meet. You know how your parents are. You knew this would be a problem. You didn't do anything to prevent it. You didn't give them the full story beforehand. I'm just saying we could have handled it differently. There's obviously a bigger issue here. You're not really fighting for them to meet me. 'Cause this is the only time that I have, that we have to see them. All I know is that, before leaving to come here, Damian's mom says, "Don't marry some whre off a reality TV show." So, they probably think I am some whre off of a reality TV show This is gonna be really hard. We knew that this is what we signed up for. We knew that when we met our parents, it had to be in this process. You knew that. I didn't know that in the very beginning. Hello! Everybody reacts differently. You've known this for three weeks. I'm over it. One, don't yell. Do not yell at me. Okay. Fine. Don't yell at me. 'Cause that's gonna ruin our whole day. Okay. And if my family, they don't wanna do all this, then... I may not like it, but it's still my family at the end of the day. And I would not disrespect you and your family because it is last-minute, and it's stressful. And right now, I feel like you're jabbing at my family, and I don't appreciate that. I am not... That's what it feels like. Okay. That's what it feels like. Okay, that's what it feels like. Thank you for telling me what you're feeling. G may not get a chance to meet my family. And the question is do we go through with the marriage without my family being there? Or if they are there, without really knowing her? I'm so... Like, this was already a really stressful morning, and I don't wanna make it more stressful on you, 'cause I know this is really stressful on you. I'm not. But I also... think that you should see a bigger picture, because it's a really big thing right now. I mean, like... So, what? Am I just gonna meet them at the wedding? Maybe. Maybe? You're gonna leave me till last minute? No. No, I'm gonna handle it. I fell in love with Damian in the pods, fell in love hard. Do I still love him? Yeah. Do I want those butterflies back? Absolutely. Do I want someone that I have to teach and tell, "Hey, babe, touch me like that"? No. But, I mean, it just depends. How strong is your love? How much are you willing to fight for it? I have no idea what's gonna happen at that wedding. I'm gonna handle it. The sun is just hot enough To light our fuse Will you do me a favor... Yeah. ...and text my parents and tell them that we're on the way? Got ya. Kenny is gonna be meeting my parents today, and then later on in the evening, Kenny's parents will be coming over, and the families will meet. I've told my parents about my engagement. Their reactions, actually, were better than I thought they were going to be. Are you writing a novel? Huh? Are you writing a novel? Giving her details. I'm saying, if I just said, "ETA's 40 minutes," she's gonna come back and say, "Why are you doing this and that?" Kenny reminds me of my dad. My dad has the nickname "Detail," and Kenny is all about telling me, like, every detail. I think she's gonna appreciate that text, too, 'cause it shows my personality. Yes, it does. I definitely think that my parents and Kenny will get along really well. Almost there! Deep breaths. Deep breaths. Oh oh oh Reaching up, Up above Your sky high love Sky high love Today, I'm going to get to meet my soon-to-be in-laws. Are you ready? Let's do it. Hello. Hi. Hola. I've got little hints of anxiety and nervousness, just... Which is natural. It's like, "Okay, stakes are on." It's a make-it-or-break-it moment. So, tell me what was the deciding factor that attracted you to Kenny? If you're not seeing the person, right, and you're just talking... Right. So, something he said... On our third date, in a sense, we just connected more. Um... Mm-hmm. I asked him what his favorite, like, childhood book was or something, and it was the Love of You Forever book, and that was something... Oh, yeah. You know. You love that book. And that was your favorite book, too? It was my favorite book. I mean, childhood book. That's really interesting. It still is, actually. No, I'm just kidding. It is! I didn't graduate off of that, yeah. It is tough to, you know, provide all the details, right, that matter most to how you guys can interpret it. Right. To make sense of it. But it was just based off the connection that we, we knew that we had. You know, we dated. And that was in October. We were engaged by December, and we were married in August, and it's been 38 years. Wow! So, I keep saying to him, "Keep an open mind." Yeah. That's how I feel. How do you feel, hon? Um, yeah, I just, like... Even though, you know, it's only been weeks, actually, and so I kind of had to wrap my head around, like, the quickness of it all, but me being 60-something years old and thinking about it, and my young daughter, you, you tend to think, "Well, it sounds a little bit crazy." But if I think back to how I was when I was younger, and falling in love with somebody, I could see, you know, that's... Sometimes things just work out. Kelly has been not quick to date someone. So, this is really a leap of faith for her, but I trust her judgment, and if she tells me that this guy is somebody special and somebody to be, you know, in love with, then I'm okay with that. This morning, I was thinking about you, Kelly, and I was getting really emotional, 'cause I was like, "Oh, my gosh!" She'll always be my baby. For 33 years we've been very, very connected. Now, I'm gonna get upset, too. But... Kelly... It's okay. Because I want her to be happy, and I want her to find someone. She's been yearning for someone for a very long time. When she told me that she found someone, I was like, "Yes!" You know? And then the other side of me is like, "I just want him to be good to her." This morning, when I woke up, I was like, "Oh, my gosh!" You know, "This is it." And then... But then I started thinking, "You know what? I'm not losing my daughter. I'm gaining a son." Right. So I'm very happy for that. I feel like I wanna give you a hug right now. I love Kelly's parents. They're very sweet people, very genuine. Clearly, they care about their daughter. And I know they're gonna get along with my mom and dad. Uh, so that's kinda like icing on the cake. Oh! Give you a hug. Hey! How are you? How are you? Hi, Marcia. I'm Jeff. Nice to meet you, Jeff. This is great. I think meeting Kenny's parents is a big deal. I've grown such a unique bond with their son in such a short amount of time, and I want them to truly feel that. But it's just nerve-racking. Well, I have to say when Kenny came in, and we started talking today, and he's just a breath of fresh air. He's just delightful. He looks like the Ken doll. He does. How old were you when you got married? I was 25. So, we met at a swimming pool. Yeah. And I had just happened to come by the first hot day of spring, and she was playing hooky from school and actually sitting with her boyfriend by the pool, and I wasn't coming on to her. We just kind of talked and started talking and talking. We talked for a couple of hours like we'd known each other forever. So... And that was it. Destiny. Mm-hmm. Yeah. What year did you do get married? '86. Yeah. Okay. Long and short, we only dated... It wasn't even three months before we got married. My parents and Kenny's parents, they dated for a short time before they got engaged, and I think that they understand... us and our connection with each other because of that. Are they gonna have wine at this reception? Yes. I mean, it's a wedding. If not, I'll bring us in some wine. Aw. A marriage is between the two people, but it can be enriched by the support of the extended family. So for Kenny and Kelly, they just won the lottery, because both sets of parents... We're all-in. We're going to support them. I'm very happy for you both for a successful engagement. I think you're beautiful together. Cheers! Cheers! Yeah. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ No my heart won't say it No my heart won't say it Hello. Hi! What's up? Hey. Mark, how are you? I'm going with Mark to his family's house for their Sunday get-together. This is Jess. Hi, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Hi. Hi. I'm Jessica. It's nice to meet you. You, too. Thank you for having me. Everybody, this is Jess. Introduce yourselves. If I'm his mom, and he brings a girl ten years older than him to meet me, I'm not happy. I think I probably am about to get grilled. I just think it's funny because Mark is so gung-ho about, "Oh, yeah, babe, don't worry. Nothing to worry about." And I think it's probably not gonna go that way. Thank you. Mom, you said you wanted one, too? Yeah, babe. That's for me, for the queen of the house. Excuse me, ma'am. Thank you so much. I'm hoping you like this. Wow! This is beautiful. Thank you for doing all of this. I'm the skinnier one, so... I feed everyone. John, you ready? Me? Not yet? Not quite? Okay. And dig in. Let's try the Cuevas' dinner. Hopefully... You didn't get too crazy with the lasagna, right? No. All right. You know what I was thinking? What? What I really need to know is... how you guys got together? Well... Yeah. Yeah, because in two weeks, he's engaged. Oh, my God! Well, so here's the deal. There's this whole setup. It's called "the pods." It's almost like a confessional. Like, if you're a Catholic, and all of a sudden you hear, "Hello." From a guy. Oh! And you're like, "Hey." So, you know, I just start talking, and I got through a couple really terrible dates, and my third date was Mark, and it was so easy with him, immediately. "Where you from?" "Chicago." "Cool. What's the coolest thing about you?" "I've got a golden retriever." "So do I." "Makes Italian beef." That's cool. All right, "Chicago." And I'm writing my notes in there, like... I do make Italian beef. She.. She, yeah... It's the one thing I make, yeah. She makes Italian beef. And I, like, starred it. "Italian Beef." All right, awesome. Cool. And I'm a super-Christian person. I go to church and wanna raise my family in the church. And we're just, like, "This is my same person." I mean, I know how he is. I mean, he's a great kid. He thinks very, very, very highly of you. Thank you. Yeah. When he told me, "I met this girl. Her name is Jessica. She's a little bit older than me." I thought, "Oh, that's great." Because a lot of the girls his age... they a little bit crazy. So, I figured... And I've been through a lot of that. I think the thing for me is, like, my twenties were so amazing. You know, with him, I'm like, "Are you sure that you would want to give that up?" I mean, that's a really prime time of your life. I feel like if I was 34, there wouldn't have been any doubt. With 24 and 34, it's, "What does society think of us?" We made such a strong emotional connection, but when reality hit, it's like something's off. And that may be an insecurity, that might be a past relationship trauma, but are you going to let that stop you from really finding the love you deserve? I don't think the age matter. But for me, I think it's just... I think when you know it, you know it. It doesn't matter. I think people... I got married when I was 18. So, you know... Love conquers everything. Absolutely. And so... Yeah. We've been married forever. How long? Oh, Lord! Thirty-one. Wow. Wow, congratulations. Thank you. That's amazing. You're right. It's the connection that you just know, and I knew... I tried to pump the brakes on it every single time. I was like, "Let me take my time." And the more and more we talked, I was like, "Yep." Well, that's good. Yeah. Whenever I do something, I'm, like... I'm all in, and I don't... Yeah. I don't look back. I like you already. Yeah, well, I'm happy to be here. I haven't sat down to a family dinner in Atlanta ever. This is your home, and we will be happy to be your family. My family isn't here, so it means everything. I listen, and you know... That's exactly how my dad is. You guys enjoy. I enjoyed that you guys are here, so... Well, cheers for having Jessica here. Salud. Salud. Thank you for having me. I was expecting a bigger reaction on the age difference, and they didn't give it to me at all. It was easy. So I think a lot of it's in my head. So far, no one has said anything negative, but I don't think anyone would to your face, though, so... Mark's perspective is, "We're happy. It doesn't matter, and who cares?" But that's one thing that I challenge him on is we haven't really experienced it yet. We haven't experienced anyone calling us on it, and it will happen. I know that I need to give you A little more time babe A little more time babe I'm working hard but I know That's not enough for you Perfect. Enough for you Ooh ooh Are you excited to eat my arepas? Wow. I'm gonna be Pod Damian. Oh, they would love Pod Damian! You are Pod Damian. Gigi's family has come in from Florida. Part of me is nervous. The other part is excited, 'cause she's talked about them so much. She's like, "They're really excited to meet you." "You think I'm a lot to handle? Wait till you meet my mom." And I'm like... "What?" "Don't tell me that, G." Hola, mami. It's gonna be interesting. She said mostly they speak Spanish, so that's something I'm not used to. Milady, Damian. Pleasure to meet you. Damian, this is Oscar. Oscar, pleasure to meet you, sir. I don't know a lot of Spanish. I'm willing to learn. But we'll see how it goes. Are you guys hungry? Yes, we are. Yes? Wanna help me. He's helping me. What are you doing? Mom, he's helping me. Arepa! Arepa. Ah! I made three different types of arepas. Why? Why not? Let me speak in English so he understands. Uh, biscuits from the United States, "arepas." I was trying to explain it to him. This is what I grew up eating every single day. Damian, I have a question. Yes, sir. What makes you think that you're ready to get married? It's something that I've always wanted, 'cause I want family. Family means everything to me. That's, that's the most important thing. I don't think you ever really know you're ready until you meet somebody. And against all odds, I found Giannina. Giannina, what about you? What make you think you're ready to get married? That's what I've been figuring out this whole time, and... it freaks me out. Because... I see that it can be not pretty. I don't want to get a divorce. I don't. I want to be ready to get married. But I have to figure things out first, and I'm sorry that I put you through so much... It's okay. ...to figure that out. I'm so sorry. Don't apologize. I am, 'cause I really, really need to, 'cause... Because of every single thing that we've been through, I know that Damian is someone that will stick by my side through everything. When I'm committing to marriage, I'm committing to that person, good or bad. And I've shown him everything. Everything. I needed someone strong, 'cause I'm a lot. I'm 100% crazy or 100% sweet, and a lot of people can't handle that. Marriage is not about these happy moments. Marriage is about... Forever. Long-term. I think you need more time... To know each other. ...to know each other. More time. Damian is a good guy. He's a gentleman. Damian is ready to be married, but.. I think she need more time, but she will be married with him. Absolutely. More time. A little more time. At the end, it's your decision. We can only give you feedback. Thank you. And... I like this guy. We appreciate it. I mean, it is something... We have to be honest. Me and her are trying to figure it out through these processes. We have to be honest with each other. And not only for her. It's also for you. Because I tell you this You're married to a tough woman. It's a tough decision, believe me. Cameron is a great guy. I think that he will make a great husband and a great father. Just honestly, tell me how you feel, Ma. Well, I haven't met him yet, but... I mean, just period, with everything. I mean, do you really... I'm excited for you, because this is a big step for you, and you made a decision, and... I mean, I just feel like, like my whole life, you were like, "Well, you need to get a husband, Lauren. You're single. You need a husband. How are you going to find a husband in the house, Lauren? Oh, you're by yourself. Oh, Lauren, your eggs are drying up. Oh, you need to have kids." Finally. Cameron is gonna meet my parents separately because they're divorced. But what questions do you think you wanna ask him? Anything you wanna ask me before? I'll be like this. "So, who are you really?" I do that all the time. My mom is a very interesting lady. She's very quirky. I think that's where I get a lot of my quirks from. She definitely says what's on her mind. So, you know, I'm just hoping that everything goes smooth on both ends. Oh, my God! It's Cameron! Hey. How are you? Hi. I'm great. Thank you. Cameron, this is my mom. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. Pam Speed. Well? How do you feel? I'm very excited to finally meet you. Yeah. And, uh... So you think you're gonna go through with this? Oh, 100%. 100%? Well, just jump right into it, Ma. Yeah, I mean, I love your daughter very, very much. Okay. And, uh... And I feel 100% in, and then there's no one else I would want to be with. Oh, my! So, the experiment worked according to you, huh? Yeah. Oh, wow! Yeah. Yeah. She's an amazing woman. Okay. Hee-hee. Well, that's great to hear. I'm glad you feel that way about her. I've been anxiously anticipating meeting Lauren's mom. I'm the first white man that she's dated. And also I'm the first man that she's ever introduced to her parents. But, you know, I'm gonna give her the old Cameron charm, and we'll see... We'll see if that wins her over. So, Ma, what questions do you have for Cameron? Yeah, lay them on me. How did you feel when you met her for the first time you saw her? Physically? Yeah, physically. I mean, I was blown away. Oh... I was very stunned. Really? Yeah, she is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. Oh, thank you! She's saying, "She looks like me. Mm, thank you." No, I'm very serious. Yeah, she looks like a lot of my pictures when I was at her age. I noticed, yeah. She showed me some of the photo albums. Really? Yeah. Definitely the smile. Yeah. And a lot of the... Yeah, somewhere in there. Yeah. That's my mama. Well, I heard something. She said that you were in a rap group at one time. Yeah, back in college, I used to do a lot of... I was in a hip hop group, and we performed a little bit. Do you remember any? You want me to do that? Yeah, why not? Sure. I'm feeling like a kid with you You're my main chick Those other girls are previews Hop in the back Rolling up Then we're free to cruise I drop the top down Feeling like we can't lose I'm living in the dream And those haters wonder why Why I'm so high up I feel like I can fly So we throw our hands up No concern for those lames That desert us They don't deserve us Blast off The course is like a crash collision 'Cause every choice we make Is like a rash decision But the truth is hard to swallow We're the leaders, baby And they just hope to follow All right! Yay! That was great. I definitely think that Cameron, uh, won my mom over. I saw her soften up right before my eyes. I mean, she's all laughing at Cameron's jokes. I do think that my mom was impressed by Cameron's rapping. I think he gained some extra points. So it's like we're opposites, but we have a lot in common. We have a lot in common, yeah. And I'm sure Lauren's told you by now that my parents are also Pam and Bill. Yeah. Isn't that... That's crazy. It's so weird. So weird. Did you tell your dad? Yeah, I told him. He's just like, "What?" Wait till you meet him. Oh, yeah. Looking forward to it. Yeah. He's really crazy about his daughter, his one and only daughter. Right. And he'll probably tell you... Take no offense at this. "I will kill for her." But I mean, that's just... I mean, even literally... He won't kill you. He will kill you. I mean, he would be just in doing that if I did something, you know... When Lauren's dad meets Cameron, I would love to be a fly on the wall, because... he's just always wanted our kids to marry within our race. So... I don't know how he'll handle that. You guys make a cute couple. That means a lot to me, to hear you say that. My family, like, they had this party phase, and now they're not there anymore. So, literally, I'm the only one that drinks in my family. Oh, God! Oh, Lord! Amber's personality, with my family, makes me nervous, because they are more on the conservative side. I think one of the biggest things in my life is I've always wanted to do what my family thinks is best, I guess. And... I'm scared of disappointing them. I'm scared of doing something wrong in their eyes. I think Amber is gonna be fine, but I'm still scared that they're gonna ask her lots of questions and... try to figure out real quick who she is. So, this is my home, or where I lived for a long time. I don't wanna get out yet. No? I'm nervous. We can wait here a sec. I know I can be a lot to take in. It's a lot of personality, and I'm just a little scared I'm gonna say the wrong thing. What's up, guys? Hey! This is Amber. Hi. It's so nice to meet you. I'm sorry. I'm freaking out a little. I'm shaking a little. Hey, guys. Hey. We're here together. Oh, my gosh! Hi. I'm Debra. I'm Amber. This is my mom. So nice to meet you. Oh, my God! I'm like... Holy crap! I'm Danny. This is my brother, Danny. Hi, Danny. I'm Amber. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, Amber. It's okay. I'm freaking out. What is this? Chillax. Hi, how are you? Oh, gosh! How's it been? It's been a lot. How have you handled the stress? Beer? Salud. Yep. Shh. No, I'm kidding. She's been more stressed out than I have. So, what what's the worst thing that you've learned of Matt? Besides the fact that he's totally okay with farting on me? If that's the worst thing... That wasn't that bad. It caught me off guard, too. So.. Oh, my God! My parents, they seemed a little uncomfortable. Maybe shell-shocked is a good word for it. Yeah, very spur-of-the-moment. Matt, once we got further along in the process, I realized it's really hard to get him to open up. It's like pulling teeth. He's very stubborn. Notice the ring. That ring is on there because he kept changing his mind between me and another girl. And I was like... What? He likes to keep his options open. Well, I told him, "Hold up. Give me your hand. Put this on. You're not changing your mind again. You're stuck. You're not going nowhere." Amber's personality... Very friendly, very outspoken. Knows what she wants. I can see why Matt would be attracted to her. I'm may worry that's lust. It's not really love. Why marriage, though? What I'm trying to say is that you start out in a... In a lust mode. You have a spark, and, and in that spark, you do everything to make the other person happy, but after ten years of marriage, things get real. When I tell you the way that we match up is unrealistic. It doesn't make any sense. It's unrealistic. And I'm a huge weirdo, and I am all over the place, and, like, every time I jump from one kind of crazy to another, just the oddness, Matt's right there with me. And I feel like there's enough differences that we get to learn from each other. It won't get boring. But also we're so similar in so many of the ways that matter that it just makes sense. You guys know me. I wouldn't make this decision unless I was 100% sure, because... Were you, though? You went back and forth, from what we're hearing. So, so, so... Hold on. Because she was so passionate and so, like, into me. And I was like... Like, I knew how our relationship would be, and we got along so well. But I just knew that I would be loved the way that I wanted to be loved, and I think that was kind of what sold me. I know my brother, and, like, he thinks I'm crazy. He's not saying it. He's not saying... Yeah, but he thinks I'm crazy. You take one side of the table. I'll take the other. Can I just get under it? If that's what you wanna do. I don't think he understands it. He's never seen me act like I'm acting. He's never seen me certain about anything like that before. I always compare myself to him and what he has. I'm nervous that he's not gonna be accepting of what I'm doing. It's, it's hard to explain it, I guess, in a way that makes sense. I'm... I rush into relationships. I have. This is something different. It's like... She is... She's cooler than me. She, she understands me, my humor. I can literally say anything, do anything, and be myself 100% around her, and I've never once felt like... She loves it. Like, it's so crazy. I don't want you to be jumping into something because of how you guys met. So many other things that are involved when saying you want to marry someone, because marriage is the hardest fckng thing I've ever done in my life. Right? And I think... And it took me... two to three years to even get married, much less two to three weeks. You don't even realize how difficult it really, really gets. Marriage is about stopping... Forgetting about yourself, and making sure that you put that other person before your needs in everything that you do. Are you willing to give up everything for this person? Everything? This is the moment we've been talking about for a long time. Are you nervous? You know, of course, I want him to like me and to approve of us. Yeah. There's definitely been a lot of build-up leading to today. Because today is the day that Cameron's going to meet my father. Okay. My dad is also very vocal about the black community and, um, you know, keeping the black family structure strong. So I just... You know, I don't know what to expect. I'm hoping that everything goes smooth, but I know... that Papa Speed is ready to grill Cameron. Very high anxiety, very high anticipation. It is truly and honestly the craziest set of emotions that I've ever felt in my life. It would be nice to find some common ground with your father. Don't look so nervous. You think I look nervous? Just relax. I think when you're dating someone, you really have to impress both parents, and, for Lauren, her dad is absolutely her role model. So, I know how important it is to impress him. Lauren has told me many times that she feels like me meeting her father was one of the biggest things on her list of potential roadblocks on our path to being husband and wife. She wanted to make sure that everything went smoothly, and that her father really approves of me. Let's go meet Papa Speed. All right, let's do it. I know that my dad is concerned, and I definitely value his opinion. So if he doesn't like Cameron, I don't know what I'm going to do. Let me call you back, man. Bye bye. Hi, sweetheart. Hi, Dad. Hi. This is Cameron. This is me. This is Cameron. Okay. Finally, you know, we get to meet. Well... Yeah. Hmm. I got a million questions. Um, I mean, I... I want to put your mind at ease as much as I can. Really? What kind of life do you intend to give my daughter? I want us to be equal partners in our marriage... Mm-hmm. ...and I want to do everything that I can to make her happy. Well... I don't really know you. I have to get to know you. Sure. You know what I'm saying? I want you to know me. Okay. Yeah. The fact that she has chosen you... It's not gonna be a gauntlet. But until I feel absolutely comfortable... I am the diamond I am the diamond You'll never find me All that you find is lost Oh I am the diamond I am the diamond You'll never hide me Keep me from shining onAs the couples get ready to return to the real world, Jessica and Mark continue to struggle, and Giannina digs into Damians deepest fears. Hold on, let me close the door. Oh, that was... insane! I can't believe everyone is here. Like, my girls, your guys, are all here. I'm so happy I saw Kenny. It's insane. I mean, it was a weird moment. That was a weird moment. My first impression of Barnett, he's very deeply troubled. He's very mixed up, he's confused. I see it all over his face. Days ago I was having conversations with him about being his wife, and, he said things to me that I've never had said to me in my whole life. I care about him deeply. I would be lying if I was to say I didn't. Seeing him, hearing his voice, it hurt a little bit, I'm not gonna lie. But, it also made me really happy with the decisions that I made and the fact that I have someone who's so amazing. How did you feel about Amber and Barnett? I think Amber and Barnett, it's interesting because we're in this whole thing, right, to connect with somebody for their soul. And, I think they connect for other reasons. Amber was ready to tell everybody that she and Burnett had, like, slept together multiple times. This for me is way more than that. I don't want to do that, because I feel like giving over your entire physical self could happen with anyone. I can't go back to the real world of, like, "Let me just give you my body because we had a moment, like, whatever it was, like... Babe... I actually... Everything is so different. Barnett and I are good, and, I don't look at him differently for what the situation was with, you know, Jessica and him in the beginning. Because, at the end, it ended up having her come to me. There's no anger, there's no resentment, there's no... because we ended up with who we were supposed to end up with. I want Barnett to be happy, and, I want nothing but the best for Amber. I hope they're excited, I hope they're happy, I hope they're doing whatever they're doing because, we're all... They're doing all the doing, I'm sure. We're all... We're all doing our thing, and... We are, yeah. What we did in the experiment, no one could touch. Like, just to meet each other and jump into bed, it would ruin everything for me at this point. Like, I can't do it. And, I get it, what you're saying about physicality. But, I'm not some random hookup. I'm not some random guy that's gonna just come into your life and then go. The physical... You know, for me, that's a big thing. My biggest concern is, like, I don't want you to get so stern with me when you're telling me how you feel about it that it's almost as though it's a command. As in, like, this is how it's gonna be, and this is this. "Come off like a command"? What the fck are you talking about? What are you talking about? No, I wasn't trying to be, like, an asshl about it. What? Ah. I am... It's not what... You took it the wrong way. That's not what I'm saying. No, it's what you're saying. That's not what I'm saying. Listen, I'm on the same page as you. We want something to be special. Me, again. We want it to be a moment. And something to be a checkpoint we can look back on and say this is a foundation that we appreciate. Yeah, okay. I feel the same way. Okay. That's good. You know, we're on the same page. Hmm? I said, we're on the same page. Sure. I feel like everything in this whole scenario is the opposite of what the world is. The world is this place, where you can easily swipe right on somebody and hook up with them that night. Go hook up with somebody, you could do it right now. Period. That's it. I may have used a poor choice of... We can all hook up with somebody now. I've already told you that you and I are on the same page. I'm sorry, it was a bad use of words. All I'm saying is that we don't have to keep talking about it. I know. Okay. That's all I'm trying to say. We have just seen each other, what, two days ago? And so she wants to make sure it's a real thing, and I get that. And for me it's 1,000 percent real, because I don't want to be with anybody else. It's me and you. That's all I want. I don't want anything else. I don't want anyone else. I want you. It's me and you in four weeks for the rest of our lives. Okay? I fckng love you. I won't give, won't give up Won't give up To find a better way I won't give, won't give up Won't give up To find a better way A love so epic Making everybody jealous Ain't nobody gonna tell us What to do 'Cause our love is here Looking at the night sky Bright shining like a diamond mine Our love is wild Like a wild fire A love so epic Making everybody jealous Oh, sht, are you all right? I need you, though. Gotta keep looking where we're going. It's the ocean, what am I gonna hit? A buoy. Hit a shark. Two weeks ago I had not seen my fiance, no. I, uh... I'd heard her. Talked to her. And, in a few weeks, she's gonna be my wife. I mean, typically, when you get engaged I feel like you have at least a year or so, to prepare for a whole freaking wedding. And we haven't... We haven't really started. After you. Know what I'm excited about? What? Feeding our fur baby. Oh, yeah, you have to meet Coda. You're gonna love Coda. I'm excited to meet her. She's gonna love you. She, just... She pees when she gets excited. She's kind of like me. You pee when you get excited? Yeah. I peed a little when I first saw you, so... Oh, that's great. I think it was pee. Oh, my God! That's so wrong. I know. I'm kind of sad to get back to the real world. I want to. I'm excited to introduce you to everybody, but... I kind of don't want to go home either. I like our bubble. I want to keep you to myself, and not share you. Exactly. I like our bubble. I know. But... Are you excited to live with me? We're going to be living together. I know. This is legit. We're going to be living together. I promise I'm not scared. Better not be. I will beat you up. Oh! Dude, my mom is gonna be so excited. She's gonna be excited? Oh, that's good. She's been trying to get me married off for forever. Well, this is basically an arranged marriage. What do you think your brothers and your mom and dad... I don't know, you just gotta be, like, super nice to them and they'll like you. I'm definitely a smart ass. I don't know about super nice. I don't know how genuine that would be. So... It's crazy seeing everybody last night. I don't know if anybody could picture what people looked like. I couldn't. Like, I couldn't see any of the faces. So, I was meeting strangers and then I heard their voices, and I'm like, I do know you. Who do you think is gonna make it? Do you think that we're all gonna make it? Everybody else, I think they're really happy, too. I just don't know if they're as happy as we are. Yeah. Didn't have any second thoughts last night after meeting Jessica? I know, like... deep down that it was never gonna work with anybody else. Even if he matched with anybody else, it wouldn't work the same way it works for us. This was fate. This is what was meant to be. She can take anything she wants You know her She's a goddess, a goddess A goddess, a goddess, a goddess She's a goddess, a goddess You excited? I am so excited. Oh my God, I can't believe we're about to get on a helicopter. This is ridiculous. I know, it's so beautiful too. And it looks like a tiger, so it's fierce, like me. Exactly. Last night, it was actually really awesome to just see all of the different couples, and it made me appreciate Cameron even more. You ready? I'm very ready. Yes, so ready. So I feel like our connection is super special. I'm not saying that they don't have special connections, but, not like ours. Like, me and Cameron are like... We're here, you know? We're flying. Oh! Look at the sand, it's white. So clear. The water is gorgeous. I'm having fun and scared at the same time. You're doing great. The physical connection is absolutely there. Lots of physical connection. This is amazing. Yeah. I'm so happy to be here with you. I wouldn't want to be here with anyone else. I can't believe that Cameron and I... have only been physically in person for three days. It feels like we've known each other for years. We still don't have outside distractions. No phone, no friends, no family, no TV. In Mexico, we can just really focus on building our physical connection before we start living together and planning a wedding. I'll take care of you. Yes, I know you will. I have no doubt. You're perfect. You're perfect. I haven't really been with someone who is, like, just really into me. Like, it's like we're saturated with each other. I'm the same way with him. It's just like, we're like... We can't, like, escape each other. And, I just think it's cute, for now. No, I'm kidding. It's always gonna be cute, it's always gonna be cute. Yeah. One more. Okay, one more. Love you. I love you. Nice. What is this? Oh! What's up? Today, Mark and I are going horseback riding. I'm really excited to do this, kind of get out and enjoy some activities with him. I think last night, I felt a lot of pressure seeing the other couples. They mentioned that they had kind of advanced things from a physical perspective, and I wasn't there yet with Mark. This one's a little nervous. I'll probably end up get him. Okay. It's fine. It's all fine. Feels like a fit. Wow. Last night, I don't believe it was an argument. I believe it was more of a misunderstanding. I think we're on the same page, communication-wise. And not just that. I feel like we're one person, in a way. We're thinking the same. We're always thinking of each other. I'm thinking about her now. So, it just feels different. And I know that every time I see her, I'm just, like... I'm excited, I'm happy. So, that must be a sign, like, I'm doing something right being with Jess. I love her. Whoo! Yee-haw! I think I need a bandanna. I know. We'll have to get you a matching one. I've never dated someone who's so much like me. We literally are the same exact person, and, for me, I'm trying to figure out does that work in real life, or, you know, is that just something that's really great and that's a best friend? And, I don't know yet. Ride 'em. Ah! Oh my gosh. Yee-haw! You're doing so good. We're pals now. I love it. Whoo. Ow! I'm all right. I grew up in the woods. I'm basically a wildebeest. Backwoods Alabama? Backwoods in Douglas County, Georgia. Back in my day. Wait, say more. I, like, love this, right now. I'm happy. I needed this. All right. Here we go. Oh, my gosh. What? Oh, she's so cute. Oh, this is a cool spread. Oh, my God. Awesome. To our new horse friends, and, to us. To us. Loves ya. Cheers. Love you. Well, I'm glad that we could, kind of take... a step back today, and, be a lot more lighthearted, and, just let ourselves go. It was awesome. Today has been, like, the most important day, I think, throughout this entire thing, because I just feel you. And, like, having... We're finally being ourselves. Because, I feel like before, you don't see the person, and you can let down your walls, but, there was something about the environment that you just wanted to tell this person, like, all your deepest things, and you wanted to find out really quickly if they were right for you, so you're asking serious, important questions. It's really hard to tap into a lighter side of your personality when you're being so... being so heavy. So, you're trying to say I'm funny. You're funny. Are all the other guys this funny? No, absolutely not. Okay, I picked right. I'm the... I'm the funniest. I picked right. I needed this. Horseback riding takes it out of you. It's been an awesome day. I feel like today, Mark, he let loose, he was himself. He was funny, silly, and I got to see that side of his personality. I would say last night I had a definite feeling that I was not maybe there in terms of the physical aspect of our relationship. Today, I'm really surprised. It's taking a bit of a turn for me. Him showing his true colors and me seeing just how wonderful he is, how dynamic of a man he is, it's really attractive. Oh, my God. That's really potent cheese. Which one? That one. Oh. This? Okay. Oh, please don't. Don't smell it. No, no, no! Go. Just go for it. It's blue cheese. Hmm. It's blue cheese. You like blue cheese? You were so perfect until that moment. You were everything. What happened? Why are you cracking me up so much today? Today I'm getting the funny, crazy Mark and I'm loving it. So don't you worry about me Don't you worry no no And it goes down down Don't you worry Pick yourself up up Watch it go round and round There's that little number. Can I give you some sunscreen for it? Yeah. That'll be fine. I'll take this back with me. Okay. I am a lucky man. Aww. Me, too. What are you thinking? I'm thinking that I don't want this to end. It's nice. It's an escape from the everyday. You know? And being out on the water, sitting here with you is just, it's an escape. What do you need an escape from? Work, and drama, and everything else. It's just, with you, it's peaceful. What do you mean, "drama"? You know, just life, you know? You always got a little mix of social drama, and everything always going... I don't know anything about you outside of here. So, enlighten me. You will be enlightened when we get back to reality. All right, well, I don't want to wait, I'm impatient. What drama? Seriously, you make that sound really bad. You sound really worried. I'm not worried, I'm just enjoying this. I'm one of these people that likes to live in the moment. When I'm on vacation I like to stay on vacation, you know? And when we gotta get back, we get back to the real world. I mean, I agree, I don't want to leave here, but, eventually we're going to have to, so, I don't know. We don't have to, right now. You're being really vague. I said I love being out here, away from everything, and then you dug way too deep into it. What do you mean? I'm just asking questions. I know, and I answered. I said I was just enjoying living in the moment, being out here. I feel like you're just evading the question. Back in the pod, we were really open to being vulnerable, because, nothing else mattered. It was just me and Damian. And I never felt him close off. But, now, it's not the same. I can't make him open up. What are you escaping from? Reality. Okay, why? Because, I'm here, and I'm enjoying this. When you go on vacation, it's to escape your everyday routines. Okay, you're not understanding what I'm trying to tell you. You're not saying it. Yes I am. Then say it. I am telling you. You're just not listening to me. I said I'm enjoying being here with you and enjoying the moment, and you're going down this road of overthinking it. What "whole road"? I'm not overthinking, I'm just asking a question. If that means I'm overthinking it... I've answered every question. Okay. So, what did I not answer? What did I not answer? Nothing. Damian knows everything about me. I communicate. That's how I build a healthy relationship. Oh, my God. If he doesn't want to talk about it, then I'm done. Oh, fck me. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ I need to be with you Stare into my eyes I need to be with you There you go, boy. Oh! It's good. Very good. I want a taste of your steak. Do you want a bite? Whoa. Just out of curiosity, is there anything that, you know, makes you nervous, in general, about living together? Quirks that I have, or anything that's giving you hesitation? I don't think so. Mm-mm. No? Is there anything that sticks out that you're hesitant about or that scares you? I mean, it's... Us going back to reality, we're probably not gonna see each other as much as we'd like. That's something that we have to pay attention to. Obviously, the both of us have demanding jobs. Yeah. You know. We work... Can work late hours, um... So, I think having a little bit of time management and putting our work down when we need to. Putting our phones away, like, two hours before we go to bed. Exactly. Just to have that "us" time. We should implement that "rule." Yes. Throughout this experiment, I had no distractions, no phone, no internet, nothing. And my sole focus was Kenny. Going back home to Atlanta, we have our phone or work distractions, and then friends wanting to see us, family wanting to see us. That could be a concern. How quickly did we realize in the pods, like, the value of having separation from all the distractions, right? If I could stay in Mexico with Kelly forever, I would say yes in a heartbeat. Unfortunately that's not the way that life works. It's gonna take a lot of effort, but the confidence I feel is the confidence that I have in, you know, what Kelly and I have created. We're gonna be solid. It's gonna work out the way it needs to. It will. I never want to let you down It'll be good. Mm-hmm. I never want to let you down Honestly, life is so much better having you in it. I appreciate you. Appreciate you, too. My life could not get any better, um... No, no. I mean, it, it will get better because we'll grow together and support one another as a partnership. But, as of right now, as if there was no tomorrow, my life could not be any better. I need a big kiss. Yep. Best lips ever. Finally, some pool time. You ready to get in? Are you ready to get in? I'm definitely ready to get in. Mm. This is nice. Yeah, not too cold. This just feels like nothing that I've ever experienced, because I've never had a man so, just, willing to... show me how much he loved me. It's important. That's an important distinction. It is. It definitely feels like Cameron and I are in this dream state. I know that we'll have to deal with parents and friends and their opinions and news, and all that, but I hope that at the core of everything we still stay strong and stay ourselves. You know, one of the things that we're gonna have to battle, once we leave here... Yep. ...is, um, you know, the fact that we're an interracial couple. We are? Who... Who thought? Yeah. But, I mean, I know that you've had experience in interracial relationships before. Right. Have you ever been in public and someone has said something... Oh, yeah. ...rude to you, or to her? Definitely. I was crossing the street one time with her, and someone yelled out, "You should be with a black man" to her. Wow. And then, she actually, just immediately, went up and, like, kinda told him off. Told him off. Yeah. Yeah. I am wondering how Lauren may respond if a friend or family member says something disparaging about us being in an interracial relationship. I don't want her to start to have second thoughts or reservations about getting married. I love her so much, and... I just don't want her to have to deal with that. You know, I mean, no one wants to hear that type of thing. People will always have opinions about something that you do with your life. Yeah. Always. Yeah, of course. So, it's my life to live, and I will just have to take whatever comes with that. Yeah. And, if I have to make some people uncomfortable in the process, so be it. I mean, people should just be with who they love. I agree. It's really simple. Yeah. I think that if I were to go through this whole process, out of everything, opening myself up to being hurt, being vulnerable, breaking down the walls that have been there for years, and then getting to the altar, and if Cameron told me no, he doesn't want to get married, I would be devastated, I would be disappointed. I would be very shocked. You're awesome. You're awesome. Hopefully, you're feeling better. I am. What about you? Yeah, I'm feeling... Feeling better now. You weren't too happy with me earlier. And, I can't ignore that. I was upset. We're a lot alike. We see a lot of things on the same page, we can read each other in a lot of the same areas. But, it's hard for me to want to get into, like, deep conversations in the middle of something. And, for you that's easier. But me, I'm not used to that. I feel like you're putting me down because you're telling me I'll give you time, I'll give you space, I'm not gonna dig, and then, you dig, dig, dig, push, and then stomp off. I'm not this person that wants to take you out of your happy bubble. Once you said I want to escape from reality, there's a reason why you said that. And, I'm not trying to get something out of you, I'm just trying to understand you. You're closing something, and I feel it. And I can't ignore it, and that's why I push. But then you come at me and you're like, "You're dramatic," and that's not fair. Because you knew what you were getting yourself into when you... When you were talking to me in the pod. I didn't process all that when we were talking on the boat. I didn't process that there's a reason that, you know, she is asking questions. It's not because she's digging or she's trying to upset me, it's because she cares. When I'm backed into a wall, sometimes, I put up this block, trying to... not let anybody see the emotional side of Damian. But, I just need to be willing to open up more and let her help with it. So, my escape from reality... When I planned on getting married and engaged, I planned it all differently. And, I don't think any of us ever expected to go this route. But I also expected to be able to provide. I have a good career, I have a good job. And I sacrificed that, coming here. It scares me not to be able to give you what you deserve and to not, like, to get a place, and... to possibly lose my job, and all that scares me. It's okay. I've always planned to be a solid rock for my family. I want to make sure my wife and future kids and everything are taken care of. But, I've taken more time off than I'm really allowed to, to be here, so there is a scare of going back and not having a job because I want Giannina to be proud, I want her family to be proud of the man that she's decided to marry. There's a lot of fears there because I don't want to lose her. It's not easy for me to open up. And I try, and I try, and I find myself and I throw excuses in there because I'm not used to somebody caring. And I know you care. I can provide for myself. I have no issue working hard to get what I need, what I want. But, the fact that he wants to put me in that equation... I'm, uh... I'm taken aback, in a good way. You want to know what I think? It's your own expectations, but it's okay if those change. Like, no one thought that we would be in this situation, right? So, it's okay if things don't work out as planned. The expectations that you set for yourself, you've, you've met them, at least with me. Like, you're the most caring, like I said, like... The things that you do on a daily basis, I'm like, "How?" How? Like, this isn't real. Like, this man is literally a gentleman. Like, you do everything. Giannina has all these wonderful qualities that I've always looked for in a woman, but, when we get back to our jobs and family and friends and social media, will it work? I think if we can hit the right points and understand each other and learn to communicate, I think it's possible. The job thing... If they let you go, it's their loss. One hundred percent. Don't worry. Stop worrying. Thank you. Of course. We should finish these drinks, and get some food. Yeah. Okay. Cheers. Cheers, you guys. Good to see you guys. Great to hang out with y'all. Yeah. Meow. Meow, meow, meow. Give me that. Oh, hell yeah. I love you. Hey! What's up? What's going on? I didn't know y'all were gonna be here. How you doing tonight? I did not want to blow-dry my hair today. I was like, nope, done. Good for you. I didn't want... I've got rum and pineapple. My hair is done being done. They're being super suave, having martinis. We did. And they're really good, by the way. I'm an olive fan, so... I actually want a martini. I also want to be kissed by you, later. I'm just gonna go. I'll totally still kiss you, olive breath and all. Vodka soda, for me. No problem. Vodka, soda, lime. So, when Jessica came into the bar, I thought that it may have been awkward, in a sense, you know, between Barnett and Jessica. I did notice that Amber became a little bit more touchy-feely with Barnett. I don't know if it was just coincidental, or if she was doing it to claim her man. Were you hung over? What? We drove a boat. I should have been, but I wasn't. We drove horses. Y'all rode horses? We drove horses! "We drove horses." I was catching on. Speaking of bareback, sounds like last night. It's a little crooked now. What? Ahem. Ahem. Anyhoo, round two. Whoops, don't do that. What's in my pocket? Hey. I don't know. Oh, that's you. You're excited to see me. Whoo! Smuggling pennies over here. I just got you excited. Eww! I would not have made that drive. And no meal. You sweet thing. I'm gonna get that drink. Are we all migrating? Just us. Oh, just us? Yeah. Cheers. How has it been for you, coming out? Great. Like, it's, it's, really crazy because we are, like, so, like, just in sync with one another. Yeah. It's so funny, because we, like, we haven't had sx, like... Yeah. We haven't. We're taking it, like, really slow, and he's... I mean, we're... We get heated. But it's fun. He's like, "Oh, okay." I have to, like, "Go. Go away from me." Yeah, just stopping before something happens. Yeah. I love it. It's cute. Everyone's like, placing their bets on Kelly and Kenny. Like, well, "Kelly and Kenny are definitely, like, grow old together and be having grandbabies, like... And look back on the journey, and... He's great. ...be, like, such a success story." We're definitely, like, eye to eye. I mean we've... had open communication about everything. Good. That's so important. Yeah. How's it going? Oh, it's great. It's been nonstop laughing. Like, my mouth still hurts from how much we've been laughing. So it's been... Yeah, it's been such a great time. We've had fun together. Kel, you deserve it. Thank you. You do, too! So much. Today was so much fun overall. It's awesome being here with Mark, but I am seeing all the other couples and they're in it. I adore him. We are bonded for life. But it's hard to not compare my feelings for Mark and where we're at, with everyone else. I think I have been, like, struggling a little bit with the physical aspect. Yeah. Um... It's different than what I normally go for. I mean, I can't, I'm not gonna lie about how I feel. I want to, really, like... No, and you shouldn't. It's just, there's a physical discomfort still. I had, like, Mark, my pod Mark, and then, I had, like, this person, and I was trying to put it together, you know? So, I'm still getting there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Seeing both of them, Barnett and Mark... Yeah. ...who would you say that you're more attracted to? I am literally, always the only girl hanging out with you guys. Story of my life, y'all. Meow! Oh, oh, oh. If I, literally, didn't know these guys, maybe I... Maybe I would say Barnett because he's just more my typical type. Right. I do just think there's something sexy about somebody who just owns who they are, and like... Absolutely. ...I think he and Amber are hitting it off. Yeah. Like, but, the guy doesn't know what he wants. Right. You know? So for me, seeing him, like, clearly he's an attractive guy, but... It just wasn't right. It wasn't the right timing. Yeah. And that's okay. But, yeah, he's great. Mark is cute. I want a friendship with him. And I want the best for his... Yeah. ...new relationship. Absolutely. But, the whole "age" thing that I was so concerned about, has not been an issue at all. Doesn't matter. It's been more the physical aspect, where I'm struggling. Right. The age thing is not an issue. It's just, there's a physical discomfort still in kind of moving into this phase. Right, that's okay. So... I know she's dated taller guys before, and Mark is shorter. And I know she's dated some, like, lighter-haired guys before, so maybe because he's darker? I don't know. I really don't know what is throwing her off. All right, let's go back to the bar. Yeah. The way I feel when I'm around Mark is not the way I want to feel around my fianc. What's up? Hey, babe. What's up, friends? And at this point, I just have to be honest. I have to air this out, I have to get this on the table. I have to tell him where I stand. How am I supposed to be Some things are not meant for me How am I supposed to be These past few days have, honestly, been amazing. I was finally being me, and I finally got her. It's like everything... All the stars aligned. But, before we went to bed, Jessica was telling me about how she's feeling, how, uh... she doesn't know if she can get there with me, physically. I think this all came to a head after meeting the other couples. The physical attraction between Kenny and Kelly is undeniable, and, I think Barnett and Amber are playing out in this, you know, very sxual, showy way. They seem to all be in a different head space as it pertains to their physical relationships, and, I'm really far behind with Mark. When he kisses me, it doesn't feel right, or comfortable. If I can just hear his voice and grab his hand, then we're good. But... it's all the other things that just don't feel right. I think we go home and see what happens but I don't feel right wearing the ring this morning, based on how I feel. It's not to say it can't work, but, I'm not, you know, really... expecting that to happen at this point. I love Jessica. I love being around her, I love everything. Her laugh, her smile. And I'm not... I just feel like, though, Jessica is... trying to find something wrong in something that there's nothing wrong. Like, there's nothing wrong with the connection we made. Like, there's literally nothing. And, I keep battling, and I keep fighting, and... You know, even now, when, it's like, this came out of nowhere. We had a perfect night, and I think that's what kind of hurts, is that I'm just like... I feel like I've fought and keep fighting, and keep fighting, and keep fighting, and I keep... I keep going back to the reveal and, it's like, that's my person, and... I can't lose you, I don't want to I don't have to I can't keep you in my mind In my mind In my mind I always fight for what I believe in, and I always fight for the people that I want in my life. It's... It's like... I never... I never give up. I also don't want to pressure anybody. I'm here, I'm strength, I can be that rock that we keep talking about, but... you know, I need the same. I'm struggling to breathe It's all very unclear Why did you have to leave Alone with all my soul fck. Ooh. Fancy. Yeah. Yeah. Not too shabby. I am feeling sad because I don't want to leave Mexico. This is paradise. Can't we just move in here and live here forever? The party's here. What's up? Oh, hey girl. Hey. But, I know that we have to go back to Atlanta tomorrow, get back to work, and really start building together as a couple. And then, on top of that, trying to think about planning a wedding. Showoff. Whoo! Sit back and let it go Put on my favorite show Just kick my heels up Forget all my worries and float From here Don't fight it Everything you need is right here There's love inside the screen Come on and dive in To this technicolor dream Don't fight it It's everything you need How is it seeing everybody from the pods? It's kind of crazy, like, do I look like what you thought? You could tell, just from your voice, "She's an attractive person." Cam is a lucky dude, literally. You guys are a match made in heaven. Did you think she would look like that? No. That definitely just, like, blew me away. You know, we've dated all these people before, so this isn't totally comfortable. I've had very serious conversations with these guys. One of these guys, who was not Mark, told me that he wanted me to be his wife. We are happy for each other, but we've all dated each other before. We've had very serious conversations, like I've never had in my whole life. Me and G connected on such a level inside the pod that I expected that to carry outside of here. Right. Right. I expected it to be simple. And, you know, you're still trying to put a face to the name, even days later. Right. You're like, wow, this is who I was talking to the whole time. And, it's still a challenge. Yeah. I mean, how do you feel like you and Kenny have been coping? Do you think that it's been pretty solid? Yeah. Everything's like, pretty close to how it was in the pods? Yeah. Yeah? That's awesome. Which is crazy, but, yeah. What's up, Jess? What up? Well, last night was fun. We were, like... Yeah. Y'all really have some sxual... I don't know why. ...chemistry, or sxual something. I'm physically attracted to Barnett. My natural instinct, if it were pre-pod Jess, would be to go to Barnett, the most attractive guy that I, just, normally gravitate to. That's totally a different take from the person I thought you... Our relationship, I feel like was totally, totally different. Every relationship I had was different. But, like, we did have a connection, and, I mean, it was a strong connection. Yeah. I mean, I got really emotionally invested in that, and then I felt like you did too. I mean, I'm happy, so... Yeah. If Barnett and I continued our relationship outside of the pod, you would see a totally different Barnett, an introspective Barnett, a sophisticated, you know, holding-himself-high Barnett. It would be the complete opposite of what you see with him and Amber. It's interesting to see that he chose something completely opposite of kind of what we had going. So how's, uh, Mark? I mean, we're... struggling for sure. Really? Mm-hmm. Like, the physical, for me, has been really hard. It's just not like, maybe, clicking. It's like, we connected so much in the pods, and then, it's like, I guess seeing each other, like, it doesn't feel right 100 percent. You know what I mean? So, I'm still trying to figure that out. But, like, we'll see what happens. So, my biggest thing, like... Look, I love this chick. I've never felt like this about someone in my entire life. I knew from the first time I talked to her. She's intense. I keep fighting, but then, damn, it's like, yo, I'm gonna keep fighting, but I need something back. Organic... At some point she has to believe it and see it, too. You shouldn't have to fight forever. Talking with Amber made me feel better, a little bit, but I still feel as though I need to go talk to Jess. It's almost like, let's go back to square one, where we started, and communicate. And, just, get into what we're feeling, and how we got here in the first place, which is opening up and being vulnerable, and being who we are internally, and just saying, "Hey, this is what's going on. What's going on with you?" And figuring it out from there. You want the other person to be all in, too, and you want that reassurance. I feel it. Gotta embrace the mess and see if you can manage it together. And no peeking. Hey! No. I'm not. I'm just... Don't open them. Falling in love is scary as hell. It flips everything upside down. Tonight, I figured we could have a romantic dinner, and stargaze. Open. Open. You've been out in the sunshine your entire life, but really you've been in the dark. And then someone just opens up your eyes, and you're like, well, is this it? I don't know, I think so. Maybe. Cool. I like it, I think. So it's exciting, and it's amazing, and it's warm, and it's terrifying. Because... someone taps into you, and you're, like... all right. Thank you. You're welcome. Love is a beautiful thing. You know when people, like, name stars? I want that. Well, we will find a star... and, we will name it after you. Cheers. Cheers. Mm. Oh, I needed that. I'm feeling really confused. Um... I don't know where Jessica's head's at right now. I'm confused as to how someone... could say yes to someone in the pods, and fall for someone, and then, gut punches me and says, "She doesn't think she's ever gonna get there." It's something that we have to talk about, because... I'd rather her tell me than hold something in and not tell me something at all. I want you to be a thousand percent open with me. That's all I've ever wanted. Seeing you, meeting you, accepting your proposal, it was all one hundred. And, that's what I felt. And, that's why I'm still here right now. But, I feel as though, once we got done with the experiment, you stopped... You, like, put that roadblock in there. Just because it's an experiment that someone set up and said, "Hey, I think love is blind," you can't come in with preconceived notions. You have to let the human element play out. We have this incredible, undeniable connection. But, it has not turned for me. Okay. I know we're about to go back to Atlanta, and... move into the next portion of this experiment. And, I know fully I don't want to go meet your family with a ring on my finger. I can't do that to you, I can't do that to your family. To do this whole thing is not something that I feel comfortable with at this point. I'm not there yet. I don't think I should wear the ring. I'm just uncomfortable. It doesn't feel authentic for me to wear this symbol of forever. Right now I just feel like we are miles apart from each other. You can't fake all that when I saw you. You can't fake the things that we said to each other in the pods. All those emotions and everything, it was real. Getting down on one knee was real. But the experiment, it doesn't end there. The experiment doesn't end at the pods. I get it. It was safe. Like, there was no judgment, there was no insecurities. But, like, there's still none of that. There's just not a wall between us anymore. It feels like we haven't, necessarily, given it an honest chance. I need her to kind of remember where we were, reassure her that I'm the same man you fell in love with in the pods, is the same man that's in front of you, in person. I'm not trying to force you into a decision. I'm just taking you back to where we were, and letting you see that. I need my back... Like, you know, my teammate. You've given me unconditional love since day one. I'm still here. I'm still open. I want to remain open to you, because I really, really care about you so much. I love really hard, and, I love you. That's what I'm saying, what I felt. And I do. I really do. I appreciate you telling me. I'd love for you to be on my team. I'd love for you to be there for me, and be... We'd just rock and roll. Be a badass team. A team. You, you, keep me hurting You, you, keep me yearning You, you, leave me burningOne couple's rough night leads to an explosive conversation. Others learn they arent alone in Mexico. What will happen when old flames reunite? Wake up I don't wanna wake up I wanna spend our whole life In this new life Did you sleep okay? Mm-hmm. I'm gonna wake you up. Yeah? Yeah. Did you sleep okay? I did. I can get used to this. Mm. Mm. I could get used to that, too. Mm-hmm? Yeah. Yeah, you can get used to that. Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah. Last night was fun. Yeah, it definitely was. My first night with my fianc. The physical attraction is definitely there between Kenny and I. I mean, it's, it's on par with the emotional connection, if not more. Did I fall asleep snuggling with you? Mm-hmm. Yeah, well, I was... Did I roll... Did I do a tuck and roll? At some point. At some point you did. I can't tell you when it was, but yeah. So, um, I was scratching your back... Oh. ...just because you were having a hard time getting to bed. Yeah. Thank you. Mm-hmm. First night was wonderful. It was absolutely wonderful. I learned, learned that Kelly really, really likes kissing me and I'm okay with it 'cause I really like kissing her, too. Physical attraction is actually exceeding the emotional connection that we've had. What do you want to do today? Pool. Beach. We can do anything. Anything? Yeah. Hey, there's so many adventures we can go on, though, right? Yeah? Yeah. We've only known each other, you know, 10 days, really, and it's incredible how the bond can even be that strong. But, I don't want to, like, rush into having sx and, like, I just want to, like, hold each other and snuggle and give each other sweet kisses, and I feel like that makes it even that much more impactful. Like, maybe when the day does come. You wanna go start getting ready? Yeah. Okay. You wanna go to the beach today? Yeah. Okay. I mean, I've wanted someone like him for a long time. So, yes, I can believe that this is someone I'm going to be spending the rest of my life with. It's just so wild. Say you love me Won't you say you love You were snoring louder than I was. I was not snoring. You're so full of it. Get out of here. The bathtub was all right. We probably spent more time in the shower than we did in the bathtub. Is it inappropriate to put it in a pre-nup that you want sx every day? Is that too much? I'm thinking of making that a thing. Every day. Maybe twice. I wasn't there? Okay, so literally, one time I woke up, and you... Just once? You were only woken up once? One time, you were holding your hands like you were accepting an award. You were making a speech about, like, "I want to thank everybody." I was like, "What the fck is going on?" Was I talking in my sleep? Yes. Just a couple weeks ago, I was still in the dating game. I was still trying to figure out, and find what and who it was I was looking for and... Man, I guess the idea that I not only found something, but found something so serious. It's a little intense. It's... It's insane. That's scary. It was like 130 in the morning. I was like, "What is happening?" Two weeks ago, I had no idea who this Amber chick was. I feel like we've known each other for... at least a couple years. We're just comfortable around each other. And... in a few weeks, she's going to be my wife. I'm going to be a married man unless I scare her away. Let's hope not. But, man, am I tired! Hi. Good morning. Mm. How are you? Good. You sleep good? Yeah. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah? I'm exhausted. Mm. I like waking up next to you. I think that's a mutual thing. Yeah? Yeah. I want to get massages today. You want to get massages today? Yeah, I do. So, our first night in Mexico, I tore his clothes off. And he made love to me. You're not going to let me go, are you? In the sweetest way possible, he's like, "I won't do anything you don't want to do." I'm like, "I want to do it. Just get out of my way and come here." So beautiful. I love counting how many times you've said that. That's a lot. It's gonna be a lot more. Okay. I'll take it. Being in the suite on our first night... It was beautiful. Undescribable. It didn't seem real. It seemed literally like something out of a fairy tale. Something out of a movie. And then we ended up making love. You are strong. Yes. I am stronger. You can't really get any better than Damian Powers. I love him, and he fell in love with exactly the way that I am. OK. Let's see who's stronger. Good morning, darling. Good morning. I love waking up next to you. I know. It's like waking up from a dream to a dream. Oh, you say all the right stuff. Bonnet included, right? I love your bonnet. It looks kind of like, uh... a beret. A beret? Yeah. Like, a French beret? Yeah. I kinda like that. I can dig that. My beret bonnet. Yeah. So classy. Thank you. I try to be, you know. Even in my slumber, I try to be a classy dame. Being a black woman, it's very important that I wrap and take care of my hair at night. And sometimes the bonnet is not always the sexiest accessory. I'm not sure if he has experienced that before, but I know he loves me for me. Oh, man. Last night was magical. I can't keep my hands off of you. It's that physical connection. I'm a gentleman, I'm not going to talk about whether Lauren and I had sx. Cameron and I stayed up pretty late... just enjoying each other's company, you know? Talking... That's just between her and I. ...and stuff. So that's how it's going to stay. There was some Netflixing and chilling. A lot of deep diving. Morning. Good morning. Wake up! No! Wake up. I was sleeping so good. Waking up with Jessica is... honestly surreal. It's everything. I woke up and I just looked at her and I just... I was happy. I'm shocked about how comfortable we are, but then again, I'm not shocked how fast it's been, because we're honestly the same person. You know, we both are ambitious, and outgoing and energetic. I feel like I've known her forever. A couple things that were really good that happened last night one, you don't snore and you don't sweat. Those are two of my pet peeves. But... Phew! So, we could potentially be in the cuddle zone. Okay. But I'm still... getting used to, and comfortable with, like, us in the flesh, which is so weird. Um, I feel like when you're in the pods, you just... get used to... a voice. I mean right now we could build a pillow barrier then we could talk as if we're in the pods if you want. Oh, we could do that? Okay, that would be excellent. I am a physical person. I am very, very... Like, I guess the Hispanic in me, the Latin in me, the romance comes out. But Jessica and I decided to wait to hv sx, or anything, or be physical, um, because I think that if I take my time with this and really build that foundation that we've already built, like a stack on top of it, then I feel that this relationship will last for a lifetime. You pictured that, didn't you? I did. I was like, "Back in the pod!" In Mexico, we're still totally without outside influence. No social media, you know, no devices whatsoever. And we'll just get to focus on each other and finally get to take all the emotional connection that we've created and also add in the physical. I know we're going to have a lot of challenges in the real world, but I wouldn't change anything about him. At the end of this, I really hope that we'll be walking down the aisle, exchanging vows, and we'll be married. Let's go to the beach! Ugh. We need to order some food. When Carlton told me about his sexuality, I was shocked. I just knew that I needed to think, I needed to pray, I needed to just sleep in my own room. I haven't fully opened up. What... What is it that you want to open up to me about? In the past... I have dated both genders. I fckng hate this. Like... fck! I actually made a connection with Carlton in a deep way. We talked about everything under the sun. He made me feel like a special person and I hope I did, too. But now I can't even say that everything he was saying was real. I still have a connection for Carlton. I do. That will never change how I feel about Carlton. I just... I need to talk to him. I really do. Last night... was very tough for me. Now, all I can do is wait and see what Diamond says. I care about her, but I understand that it's a lot for anyone to take in. At the end of the day, all I can do is live my truth and do what's best for me. It'll be exciting, huh? Yeah. You talked me into it. Well, I mean, you've never had a massage before. That's right. How have you never had a massage before? I have a feeling I'll be giving them for a very long time now. You're gonna learn today. Gonna learn today. It's crazy 'cause we feel like we've been together so much longer than we have, and the connection is so much stronger than either one of us have ever had with anyone. Your eyes are blue like the ocean. Like the sky. We came into this... as individuals, separate and... we woke up this morning together. I love her very much. So, you want to start here? That's correct. I can see that in the stillness The only one who's standing there is you I'm so excited to share new adventures and the rest of my life with her. Go through the spinal, then back. I can't believe I'm here with him. I'm happy. I don't believe in luck or coincidence, but I feel like the luckiest girl in the world. The whole wide world. Got the bag in my left hand, got my babe on my right. Yeah. Yeah. Big time. Makes me feel special. So, thank you. Big time. Big time. Walking on the beach holding hands with Kenny feels amazing. Being with Kenny physically does enhance the love that I'm feeling. Now I get to hold him, and feel his heartbeat... at my head because I'm short and that's where it lands. Okay. You might have a sunscreen handprint on your body at some point today. Yeah? That's good. Yeah? Yes. Okay, then. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Kelly is the most genuine person. She just exceeds any expectation I had of a perfect, you know, soulmate, and a perfect wife. Being with her physically adds a different dynamic to the love that Kelly and I already had. At this point, it's like we really don't have anything to fear. Kenny is probably, if not the best kisser, one of the best kissers that I've ever had. He does all the things right. Scale of one to ten on how good Kenny kisses, I would say... Ten plus. So like a 15. Twenty. Here. Yup. There you go. That actually probably feels good. Yeah. Yeah. I like the fact that I have to bend down. So, like, meeting her in the middle is literally like me getting close to throwing my back out. It's awesome. And it's a constant reminder that I need to stretch. Okay. Yeah. It's like a waterfall. Yeah. More. All right, ready to hold... Yeah. Yeah. Some vino? Do you want me to pour some for you? Are we drinking out of the bottle? I'm down if you're down. I mean, I ain't fancy. I love watching you struggle. It's so cute. I'm doing good, all right? You are. No, you are. You get it all the way in, and you turn it one really hard turn to the right. Good job. Very smooth. I have never left the country. Much less left the country with a fianc and... gottten to stay at one of the most beautiful, romantic places I've ever been in my life. Can we make this a monthly thing? Can you make me a picnic? We can picnic. Once a month? Is this vegan? No, vegan doesn't eat cheese, right? What's the one that doesn't eat plants either, 'cause... I don't know. Screw that, though. What are you supposed to eat, then? Just sit in the sun, absorb sunlight. People that just photosynthesize. Oh, my God. It's raining. It's raining. You know what they say, if it rains on your first date, then you're good to go. You're supposed to dance in it. You gonna dance with me? Yeah, but only bumping and grinding. Getting engaged has always been something that scared me. I don't know how to dance, really. Like this? I mean, we're getting married in a few weeks. That's scary and the possibility that, you know, she could just have doubts and say no. Mm, I've got no moves. Just turn in circles and circles. I'm too distracted by kissing you. I hope we do make it to, you know... the 50-year mark. The anniversaries and... Yeah, I mean, that's the goal of every marriage, isn't it? Honestly, I don't see it crashing and burning, but you don't get married unless you're gonna spend your life with them, so I hope that's the outcome here. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ I'm feelin' it now You ain't gonna bring me down There's no stopping Running faster Mm. Mm. Ever after all It's so pretty. It makes me happy just being, like, on the beach and hearing the waves crash. And... Like, I'd definitely like to do the whole tropical thing. You know, I used to be so scared of the ocean and we'd go to the beach all the time. And, you know, I think I was seven years old and we were in Mexico... Funny, now that we're here. ...and the ocean always scared me. Finally, I tried to face my fears, I'm in there and the first thing that happens is a wave just carries my feet from underneath me and I just start spinning and falling, and my mom had to come drag me out. I'm just like... sitting there, this is how it ends. This is how it ends. This is how it ends. No, totally! But I'm thankful I did it because now I'm not scared of the ocean. That's awesome. I need someone like that who... Like, you can put yourself out there and... I mean, this whole thing is about putting ourselves out there. It's a balance, you know? Like, coming into this, I didn't really know what a relationship should be like. And now I do. Like now, getting to know someone, who they really are, I haven't done that in a really long time. Looking back, it's always been based on... social settings or social status, or you're in this place in life. Yeah. I'm in this place in life and now it's just totally changed my mind. It's so crazy to find someone that... mentally, is there. You're everything that I've ever wanted and from the first time I talked to you, the energy, the laugh, the voice, the Chicago, everything, it was... everything. And it's deeper than that. It's deeper than anyone could ever understand. I just worry about your parents. Your parents is probably the biggest thing. They could be the coolest people in the world, but if I'm a mom and I know womanhood and, like, when you're a 24-year-old woman and you're a 34-year-old woman, that's two different things. And, like, I know the relationship you have with your mom, and I know she's super protective over you. So I'm just ready for anything, like... I get her concerns about my family, you know, her being 10 years older than me and my mom being able to accept her but my mom's going to love you no matter what, because my mom loves me and my mom loves whoever I'm in love with and if I need to keep reassuring her, then I'll keep reassuring her because... That's my job because I care about her. We'll take everything day by day, everything in stride. Mm-hmm. And we're going to figure it out. All that other sht doesn't matter to me. All that sht about age, all that sht about where we are, all that sht, like... It doesn't matter to me. I'm not scared to have these conversations, but I know we have to have them. I agree. I'm not worried about other people's opinions, or other people's things. It's me and you. All right? Salud. So, one more cheers. To doing new things. Facing your fears. And for me being your biggest cheerleader. Cheers, to Mexico. Love you. So happy to be here with you. I'm very excited to be here with Lauren. In my past relationships, I wasn't happy. You need your partner to show you respect and show you that they care about you. No one should be in a relationship where they don't get that. But, now being with her... I'm happy. She puts me at ease and makes me feel comfortable with how... crazy fast everything is going. We're going to take over the world. Mm-hmm. Bonnie and Clyde style. Minus the shoot-up. Yeah. We gotta always remember that part. Always. Minus the shoot-up. But, uh... But I... feel more motivated than ever. Before, I wasn't... really that happy, to be honest. Mm-hmm. I think it was because I felt like I was missing you. And... now that I have you, it motivates me to just want to make sure our lives... are taken care of. Aww. That makes me happy. I've had maybe about... two solid boyfriends. I went through a phase where I didn't trust men, you know, I thought they were all dogs. But I think that Cameron is different. I would have never met a man like Cameron without this experiment. I don't know that I've ever felt happiness like this. We really won't have to take a honeymoon after this. I know, this is our honeymoon. Like, seriously. Yeah. Just great. Does anything stick out in your mind in regards to, like, planning the wedding? Making sure that... we can get all of our friends and family there that we can. You have to meet my dad. I'm excited. Me too. I mean, it's like... I'm excited too. Why do you say it like that? It's gonna be fun. I just know he's protective, that's all. And, like, my dad has never met any of my boyfriends. Yeah, well, I'm not your boyfriend. I know, but that's what makes it that much more intense. Like, "Hey, Dad, here's my fianc." Is there anything you're concerned about? Um, well, you already know that you're the first white guy I've dated. Uh-huh. He's going to grill you. That's fine. With Cameron, I fell in love with who he was on the inside. So, I didn't know if he was black, white, Asian, Puerto Rican, uh... I didn't know what he was. I guess that gives me comfort and everything, the fact that I love who he is, but I'm nervous as to how my dad will react. It's a lot of news in a short period of time. I mean, my dad grew up in an area that was quite different, so, for him... It is... Yeah. I think our generation is more understanding. Of course, when we have children, or if and when, I mean, I definitely want to. Yeah. But I know that the world is going to perceive them as black Yeah. And... you know, I know that that's... It's going to make their lives harder in some way. Yeah. But I think I trust you and I to raise them in the right way. Absolutely. It's kind of crazy that Cameron and I are actually discussing having kids 'cause at this point we've only known each other for about two weeks. If that. But it just feels natural. It feels organic. It feels like I'm talking to my partner about something that's very real. Even outside of... what color they are, they're just going to be great people. Yeah. They'll have two parents who love them. Yeah. One that's white. One is black and fine as hell. My heart feels like it's split into two. On one hand, I feel like... I feel blindsided. I feel like... Was this really true love? Is this real? But then on the other hand, this is somebody that I know that I want to be with because I have built a relationship and a foundation with him, that I've never had before. I love Carlton. I hope that it's going to be okay. It's going to work itself out. But I do know that I need to talk to him. I need to see him. I need to get some things off my chest. Hola! Hola! Como estas? I can only answer in French. Comme ci comme a. "So so." Okay. How you feeling? I feel good. You look good. You, too. I like your shoes. Oh! It's warm, right? Thank you. How you doing? How are you feeling? I'm glad I get to see you again. Yeah. I feel like I'm physically in paradise, but not mentally there. Where you at, mentally? I mean... It's a lot going through my mind. Mm-hmm. I feel like I kept it real for you since day one. Mm-hmm. I personally feel that you left out who you really are. Like, I get how you feel. I get that you probably feel betrayed. I feel you kinda played the experiment, in a way. Mm-mm. I feel that. I feel that you weren't honest with me from the get-go. I felt that should've been established. I felt like I was honest. I wanted you to get to know me for me. Yeah. That's always been... But that is part of you, though. ...the strategy that has never... It's never been an issue with girls. It's, like.. It's never. Then why didn't you tell me in the beginning? Because in the beginning, you will pre-judge me. You said it's never been an issue with girls. Would you have really... If I had told you on the first date, would you have given me a chance? You wouldn't have. I'd rather you would have told me up in front. I would be able to make a better decision, or be able to say, "Okay, you know, I understand where you're coming from, but you know for sure you want to be with a female. This is how I personally feel, and how I slept on it. Last night, she was rubbing my back. She was like, "Give me a hug. "Let me talk to you, I'm here for you." And then today it's, like, all of a sudden you have an issue with it. Nah. Do you really think that I would be here if I didn't have real feelings? Like, just... Like what? For a trip? It's like... I don't know, whatever. Show your true colors. I've shown mine. No, you haven't shown your true colors, not from the beginning. But I did last night. But you waited all the way to nearly four weeks away from our wedding to show your true colors. Okay, cool. Oh, that's fine for you to do that? So, you wanna call it off? It's whatever you want at this point. You don't understand. You gave a response different from any I've ever gotten, and... You're so defensive with it, though. Because I'm not going subject myself to that. I have to be defensive. Nobody has fought for me. Nobody fought for me, either. But at the same time, I'm sitting here and talking to you about it. I don't have to talk to you about this. If you don't want to, you don't have to. But I want to. I wouldn't be here if I wouldn't, okay? So don't try to play the victim here. It's insulting me at this point. It's insulting you? So, this whole process is not insulting to me? I'm not here to disrespect you. You on some other sht I can't fck with. I'm on some real stuff. This is part of real life. I'm here to... have communication, open communication with you, and just communicate what is the problem and how to address it, not make matters worse. I'm okay with or without. So you don't care. No feelings about how you took me through this. I am okay with or without this situation. You know what? I ain't got time for this because you're having a bad attitude. Go ahead, throw it. Have your moment. This is not for you. You have your moment. Like, seriously, you're taking off your ring because I'm being honest with you. You'd rather a man lie to you about who he's been with or his past? Like, that's insane. I don't need that type of energy in my life. Have your moment. Poor guy. You can go. You can go, because you got some issues. I have issues because I'm telling my truth? Yes, you do. Serious issues. You're gonna disrespect me... No. You're typical. ...because you led me to believe that you really was into me. I do. No, you don't. Because if you did, you would have been here and told me from day one that... I know who I am. ..."Diamond, I am bisexual." I have a method. I don't have to disclose information that I'm not ready for somebody. You don't have to! Like, I have disclosed information to people too soon. You don't think that's misleading? And being called all types of names. We're about to walk down the aisle... Nobody has ever had an issue with it except you, and it was girls who wasn't even, like, remotely close to who you are. Well, I'm Diamond Jack. I'm not these other girls. I ain't fckng with you. I don't care if you not fckng with me. I gave you your ring back. I don't give a fck about a ring. fck a ring. fck a ring. This is why I don't deal with bitches like you. Oh, I'm a btch now. You done call me a btch in my face. I don't deal with women like you. fck you. fck you. fckr. You out your damn mind. Nah, fck like me. fck you. Bye. Good luck. Watch my ass to the next dck, boy. Watch your wig, 'cause it keeps sliding. It's been sliding since day one. Who the fck do you think I am? You ain't married to no average btch, boy! Peace out. Shut the fck up! fck! Oh, you so fckng... You're mad because I'm telling the truth. I have clearly realized that this is not the woman for me. She has proven herself to be ignorant. She has proven herself to be stereotypical. I feel betrayed just as much as she feels betrayed. So fck her. I don't give a fck at this point. I don't. Sinner run away You be on your way now I was literally about to walk down the aisle with someone that clearly I didn't know. And I feel like it shouldn't have got that way. I was really there just to talk to him and tell him how I felt. I was hoping he could be a man about it and talk to me, but no real man would act like that. So, it's a done deal with us. From this mad love Lord release us Oh these broken hearts We smashed to pieces I just wanna... I just want to get away from here. Yeah, I don't have nothing else to say. Besides that I'm going to get through this. I'm going to get through this. I'm going to make it through. Like I said, I'm built from a strong cloth, so I'm not going to allow this to stop anything for me. Yeah. That's all. Your bad love is trouble God knows we're in deep If hurt's gonna rain down Amen, so it be The romantic getaway definitely did not go as planned. I'm not the dude that she had it out with at the pool, I'm the dude that she fell in love with in the pods. I can't see my life without you. I love you. It's one of the happiest days of my life. Hi! Cause when it rains it pours I run into shut doors Everybody's leaving I feel like both of our hearts and who we truly were at the core and we truly are got overshadowed by assumption, defense and pride. I'm leaving here without my fiance. It's beautifully sad. I'm sad to say I am walking out the resort alone. I want to be married. I want to fall in love, but I didn't get that. When it rains It pours Hi! Yay! Hi, honey! Oh, my God! No way! Yeah! I was so surprised to see him! You know, we were ready for dinner and then all of the sudden we walk in. I'm just like, "Holy sht." Jesus Christ. These guys. Oh, my God. So I walked down the path and I head towards the beach and it looks like a little group or crowd of people. Then I see like Jessica throw up her arms like, "Hey!" I'm like, "Oh, sht. This is a setup." I'm excited to see everybody and see what the other guys actually look like. Not that I was looking, Cameron. I wasn't really looking. I was just... I was looking but I wasn't looking. Good to see you! Hi! Hello! Hi, everybody. Welcome. Are you guys all enjoying your romantic getaway? Yes! Amazing! Ladies, I know you recognize the other ladies here. And gentlemen, I know you recognize the other gentlemen here. Gentlemen, we want you to meet the ladies. And, ladies, we want you to meet the gentlemen that you did not propose to. Okay. Kenny and Kelly. Gigi and Damian. Jessica and Mark. Cameron and Lauren. And Amber and Barnett. Congratulations to all of you on your engagements! Oh my God, I didn't expect to see Barnett. He physically looks exactly like what I had thought. When I had fallen for Barnett, I would think about him around-the-clock. The moment he told me he had changed his mind. I could not even figure out what to do with myself. You guys fell in love and you chose somebody to marry you without ever seeing them. Honestly, I think all of the guys are really... attractive dudes. But I can't possibly imagine having this physical attraction to anybody else like I do with Barnett. So, we've kept your devices from you. You've had no distractions, nothing to get in the way. Here, you have the chance to develop your emotional connection into a physical one. Yeah! When you go back home, will the realities of the material world, your looks, your race, your age, your background, affect the way you feel about each other? How are you guys going to integrate your lives? Think about it. How are you going to integrate your friends, your families, your careers, your homes? How is all of that going to come together with your fianc? Your weddings are just four weeks away. Will you say "I do" to the person you chose to marry, sight unseen, or will you walk away from them forever? Is love truly blind? You better say "I do." To love and happiness and to all of you living in the moment. Cheers. Cheers! Have fun, you guys! So happy for you. Okay, let's get this party started. That was a big shot. Did you slam it down? It's a pleasure meeting both of y'all. We got chocolate, vanilla, and caramel. And, and Kenny's right in the middle. All for that. This is... This is perfect. Gigi should model, for sure. I wasn't surprised in the least bit. I mean, it's just funny, the lines you draw to the voices. She's gorgeous. She really is. What are you doing? This is so weird. Yeah. Like, I got... Can you close your eyes without your hand? I can't associate the face with the voice I'm hearing right now, it's so new. I think Amber is a beautiful woman, but I don't know how to explain it, but... she is... a lot. For sure. Whoo! Mark is... smaller than I thought he was. Let's go! There's more diction in your voice when you're in person. Oh, really. Yeah. Than in the pods. Yeah, the pods. Everyone was saying that. But you really were the most calm talker. So calm. I was like, "Oh my God, I feel like I need to get a massage right now." Cameron has this, like, just adorable smile and he's pretty hot. You know? Whatever. I've heard a lot about you, Barnett. You heard a lot about me? Yes, I have. Hopefully all good things. That's not how that went, darling. That is not how that went. Now that I see Barnett in the flesh after all of the drama, all of the large wine glasses that were consumed on the girls' side due to this man, Um... I don't know, I pictured that he would be this kind of frat-looking guy, like a bro, and I feel like that's what he is, so... I think I gauged him right. But, you know, man, it's just crazy how we started and... Where we're at right now, which is not even the end. That's what the crazy part is. No. It's the beginning. I was talking to Kelly today about it. I mean, it's... This is legitimate, it's not just something that's, "We went through this process, it's an experiment." Right. It was. It was. But we got through that, and now it's all becoming real. It's becoming very real. This is a serious conversation that everybody wants to know. And I'm asking this for a very particular reason, not just... to make anybody kiss and tell. But sx is a big ordeal. It's something that is... to help maintain a healthy relationship, right? And I'll start. So, like, me and Giannina, we're like... She literally goes... Last night we were at dinner having this romantic dinner, and she goes, "What are your feelings on sx?" I said, "You know what? When you're ready." And they called for dessert. I was like, "Yes, I'm ready for dessert." She goes, "I'm good." I was like, "You don't want dessert?" She goes, "I am dessert." There you go. And I was like, "Well." Well. But, but it was a whole thing of respect and mutual agreement and it was something beautiful and it's so much more than just sx. Did everybody get down and dirty last night? Let's just say I was at day 398 and now I'm at day... I'm happy for you. I'm with you, G. I have that connection with Damian. The emotional connection. That's the difference between the sx being good, and the sx being fckng fantastic. And so we toast to good sx, because that's the cherry on top. We didn't go to sleep till like 400 last night. Oh yeah, yes! All right. We had a great time together. I love Cameron's reaction. We had a great time. I cannot keep my hands off of this man, you guys. No. Yeah, I'm working on that. So I take it your first night was... Good. Ooh, girl. Barnett, how was your night? Yeah! We haven't heard anything from him, man. So, how was your first night... Oh, God. So, I pulled my back out, pulling... Taking the luggage in. No, you did not. Slept on the couch. No, you didn't. Please tell us a realistic story. Will you tell us, Barnett? No. If you pulled your back out, it wasn't from luggage. I'm being patient, but everyone else is having sx. And it sucks. Girl, I was gonna say last night, this morning, this afternoon, We were all over that room, before we came out here... This morning in the shower... Hanging out with all the other girls, I caught myself being a little worried that I might not be as excited as they were. You know how I said before, when he was still talking to LC. I'm like... I want him to be happy, I care about him so much. If he wants to be with somebody else, I'll be happy for him. Being with him now, I'm like "No, nobody else. It's you and me. You have to be with me, we're meant to be together." Yeah. We fit so fckng well... I can tell. ...it's ridiculous. Everyone just seemed head over heels. Are you gonna give Mark the poom-poom? What's that? Jessica is 30-something years old. She knows damn well what a poom-poom is. You're not fooling me, Jessica. The pussy, girl. Okay, when... Okay, here's my thing. Coming out of the pod, it's two different things for me. There's like the person, the voice, the persona, and then there's the physical person. I'm still trying to put that together. Yeah. It's no rush, it's only the second day. Are you sharing the bed? Oh, totally. Just cuddle, though. Yeah. That's where me and Kenny are, too. We've made out, but that's it. I can say this. Hey, I don't kiss and tell. I did not and could not go for a run this morning. That's all I'm gonna say. See, there it is. I do declare, Kenny. We kept it PG. We had good make-outs. Me, on the other hand... Everyone's a great catch here. So I think that... everyone just found their match. I love seeing them in love. Seeing them happy makes me happy. Whoo! Oh, sht. And I caught it. Barnett's definitely an attractive guy. This is someone that I created a bond with that I'll never... It will never be matched by any other bond. I mean, to have feelings for someone so strongly that you want to tell them you'll marry them and within twelve hours to retract it... Is it true that... you still feel the same way you felt last night? About me? I mean, I don't know. Wait, really? Yeah. You told me last night that you were ready to, like, propose to me. That's insane. You literally said that last night. I don't know what's up, in my mind. The moment he told me he had changed his mind, my body just absolutely gave out and I saw my life flash before my eyes. Finally being able to see him, I'm going to try to keep my composure. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, man. How are you? What's up? I'm great, how are you? Best buddy. Oh, yeah, we're best friends now. Give me some love. How's it going? It's going good. You having a good time? So much fun. I don't know what the words are exactly yet, I don't know what order they're going to be in, but my last conversation with Jessica never was meant to be something that was supposed to be hurtful. I want to talk to her, still. I want another chance to talk to her, for sure. I'm sorry that I upset you that one night. Well, it was a late night date that was, like... It was too much. I never could figure out, "How did we get there?" I don't even know. I feel so awkward in this moment. We're both here with our new fiancs and I felt so strongly about him. I really did. I didn't know how to handle it. It's okay. I was trying to figure it out. Like, I don't know what to say. There's not a reason this doesn't work. There's nothing I don't like about you. Yeah. Nothing. I know Jessica and Barnett built an emotional connection in the pods, and, you know, she ended up with me. I'm not losing her again. She's with me now. What's up? The odds of Jessica putting up any kind of a fight with me are so low, it's sad. Not sad. Laughable. I told him if he goes anywhere, I'd hunt him down. I love that. I'd hunt him down. He's not going anywhere.Emotions run high as the couples plan for their futures ... and party like theres no tomorrow. Soon after, the first wedding day arrives. Hung on your every move That pale skin n' crimson lips Oh it's true So happy to be... Okay. ...finally seeing you guys. Yes. So... obviously, I've been gone. I need to hear everything. So I show up to this experiment and there's a guy from day one, Mark. Right off the bat he told me he's from Chicago. Perfect. Big Cubs fan. Has a Golden Retriever. Oh. Okay. Check, check, check. Wants to raise his family in the church. Stop. Super close to his family and, like, every single thing, we're like the same person. He... adores me. Aww. So cute. He gave me that. Oh, my gosh! So gorge! So, you're engaged? He's my best friend. He's my person. Like, I cannot live without this person. Oh, my gosh. Um... Here's the kicker, ladies. So far, everyone is really supportive of me and Mark, but not having my friends support or wondering what people think about the decision that I've made is hugely impactful to me. He's actually... 24. That's not bad. Yeah. We've talked about Priyanka and Nick Jonas. I love you guys. There you go. I've never even gone... And you were like "I love it". And that was before. That's right. You loved it. I did say that, didn't I? 'Cause I was like, "How do you feel about their age?" And you were like, "I love it." Heidi Klum's boy's like 27 or something like that. What? Like all that, you know what I mean? So, it doesn't mean anything. They didn't even flinch. They didn't even blink. They were like, "Okay, cool." So that's a fad and it's really hot right now. Like, oh, okay, so, y'all are on board. I never would've been open to it until I knew this person, who is the most beautiful soul... ever, and it feels like he completes my life, you know? Aww. Are you guys having really good sx? Yes. Cheers. Cheers to that. To future Mrs. Cuevas. Oh! Spicy. I'm comin' alive I can't get enough Its growing inside Oh, Damian. What did you do? Are you serious? Are you serious? Dam! What? Oh... What did you do, Damian? What are you planning? "G, we have had our ups and downs, but through it all you have been by my side and I, yours. I love you so much, babe, and cannot wait to see where our adventure goes, but it starts today. So put on the dress I laid out for you and be downstairs in 30 minutes. I can't wait to see you. With love, Dam." Okay. I'm having a wedding in two days, and I'm not really thinking so much about where I'm going, but... where this is going. You know, where Damian and I are going together. If you told me a month-and-a-half ago that this would happen to me, I probably would have punched you in the face. You look dapper. This is amazing. So today, I have a wonderful day planned for Giannina and I. I want her to see how much I care. Even though we've been through more emotional and physical ups and downs, um, than most people have in a year, there is still a connection, there's still something so strong here. I'm still in love with her. We have a wedding in just a few days, and it's something it's hard not to overthink, but hopefully by the end of the day, we'll be able to find out how strong our love really is. Ah! At least you're hard-headed. That we know. Got it? Ah, yes. Thank you. I'm like, in shock. Ever done this before? No. I'm really glad you're here with me. I really needed this. We needed this. When things get hard, that's when I fight. And I don't just walk away from things. She needs a rock, she needs a crutch, and I can be that for her. I am that for her. I'm just making so many memories. I'm trying to help you bring those butterflies back. The day was gorgeous. Damian is so handsome. Just looking at me, beaming. That made me feel giddy and so in love, and I couldn't believe that this was our date, that this was our day. Wow, this was mesmerizing. I'll never forget this. Will you promise me we'll do stuff like this for the rest of our lives? I... I will put every effort into... keeping our life an adventure. I love being able to go on adventures with you. You make it fun. I never in a million years would have thought that my life would be like this, that I would be so in love with the perfect guy and I can't believe it. I still can't believe this is my life. How excited are you for our wedding? I'm excited. I haven't been nervous about the wedding once. Everybody keeps asking me if I want to run away and if I'm still sure, and I'm like, "No, I'm good." My friends know me too well. They don't understand. They don't understand what's going on. I'm a different person. Surprised them? Yeah, you changed me. Made me into a better man. See, you're saying it sarcastically... But I'm being serious. I know. It's sarcastic but it's serious, but it's, you know... I'm making less of it, I think, but it is a big deal. It makes me happy, like, that you love me for things that I consider, like, flaws in myself. Like what? I don't know, my goofiness. I love that. I know, but... I can't believe you would ever... I hate that your life has been... such that you feel, like, that way about your goofiness. I don't want to be, like, a grown-up. I still want to have fun. I feel like once you get to that point, you're not having fun anymore, and I never want to not have fun. I'm so glad you feel that way. We'll be immature the rest of our lives. What's the point of life if you can't enjoy it? Right? So are you ready for the wedding? Are you ready to marry me? Maybe. Hmm. Mm. Turn it up Just turn it up Keep turning it up Let the beat go on Just kind of sprawl out anywhere you want. Oh, yeah. Right? This is so cute! Look at the Blue Heron. Wow. Cheers to that bird. Mm. Here's to you, here's to me, and what the future has to hold. So proud of us. Thanks for all of this. This is absolutely fabulous. You know, like, everything that's happened, from start to finish and you know, I consider this kind of the... We're approaching the finish line, you know, of our engagement because we know we have something that's good. I know. I don't have control over, you know, how Kelly feels or how she handles situations. Uh, I wish that I did because my confidence is we're getting married and it's 100 % what needs to happen. So how you feeling? I'm happy. You're happy? Mm-hmm. Mm. Why don't you try the pimento cheeses? It's delicious. Mm. This has been a hell of a ride. I feel like a completely different person from when I started this entire thing. Me too. I'm thankful, you know, taking a leap of faith. It's scary at first, but... It was a huge leap. You know? It was huge. Yeah, that's... It was a huge leap, you know. What was your favorite thing? I'm not going to lie. When I first saw you. I saw your eyes. The one thing I'll never forget. My heart was in my stomach. I looked at you and I thought you're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life. And I still remember every single second of that moment. I've felt the same way from start to finish. Jessica's the person that I'm going to be with for the rest of my life. You know, the wedding is just a few short days away. So... I just need to know right now how she feels, because this is such a big decision. Are you scared of commitment? Um... Commitment's always been scary for me. Um... Yeah, I do feel like that's a big takeaway for me. Sorry. I'm here. Commitment I think is scary. It's like... the rest of your life and... so it is. It's always been hard, I think, for me. I think that's why in the past, I've gone after things that... maybe wouldn't lead there, you know? Or I've tried to escape situations that we're leading there. So this has been a chance to look at... commitment and what it means, and how to do it, and it's not that scary. God's got a plan for something with all this and... I love you, babe. Oh! Look at this. Lauren and I, we're about to get married in... practically no time at all. I thought it would be a good idea to go on one last romantic getaway. I'm excited about this. Lauren knows I love the outdoors. She's a city girl. Wanted to meet somewhere in the middle, so Lauren and I are going to have this really romantic dinner in this beautiful tree house, and we're going to spend the night there. This is super cute, honey. It's like a tree house. Yeah. This is very Cameron-y. You think so? Yes. I tried to make it Lauren-y too. It's like a little oasis in the forest. Yeah. Aww... this is cute. Oh, there's pictures. It's crazy to think that, five weeks ago, I didn't even know Cameron. This is pretty freaking cute. And now I've fallen in love with him. We're engaged. Cheers to getting to spend this night together and for all the nights that we've spent, and will spend in the future. I can't wait. Me neither. Cheers. This is the biggest decision that I've had to make in my life. Remember I said, like, what if, like, in a past life, like, you were Caesar and I was Cleopatra? Yeah. Bet they had cups like this. Indeed. Forged out of the finest gold. I know I deserve the finest gold. Oh, my God. Oh, Cleo. Oh, Caesar. I know that I love this man, but I'm so used to being independent. It's like being in a marriage kind of changes everything. Will I lose bits and pieces of me that were there once? Will, um, you know, relationships with my family change? Like, man, what will be left behind in this new phase of my life? It's just... It scares me. So, still feeling fear-free? About the wedding? Mm-hmm. Um... No doubts, no nervousness, nothing... the closer we get? I mean, I have no doubts about wanting to marry you. Mm-hmm. How are you feeling right now? Um... Right now, I mean, I feel... I feel, um... You know I love you. There's no question about that. I know you do. I know. Definitely leaning towards "yes" right now of course. What? Why are you laughing? What is it? You said, "Definitely leaning towards yes." But I mean, I don't know. I understand it's... It's just the wedding is so... So soon, you know? Yeah. I guess in my mind, I was thinking by this point in time she would have just locked in a decision. You drive me crazy. Really crazy. In the best way, I mean. Yeah. Man. It's frustrating, I mean... I know that one of the biggest factors in Lauren's doubts is that her independence might be hampered in some way, even though she says that her need for space doesn't have to do with her love for me. You know at this point, it's hard to believe. It's just... I just really want to have... a solid answer. But anything that I can do to make her happy and make her feel like she's ready to get married. Have you been practicing? You're the best. I've been doing a little practice. Look at you. Ease right into it. Quit stepping... You don't know when to quit. Today was so much fun, and... we go upstairs... open the door. Hey, guys. And it smells like heaven, and this person is standing in my kitchen. I'm Chef Isaac. I'll be your private chef for this evening. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you as well. Nice to meet you. How are you, sir? Well. Please have a seat. Okay. I mean, really? That was... perfect. You are so wonderful. So, so, so... wonderful. You like? I love it. I love it. I love this man, who's in my home right now making us this wonderful four-coursed meal. I love you, too. Good job. So this is our final night together. It's emotional, because this will be the last time I get to hold her and cuddle with her and kiss her before the wedding. I just can't believe it's going to be our last night together. I don't believe it's truly our last night. I believe it's the first night of many more to come, just the last night together before the wedding. Take the rest of me Take the rest of me Don't leave me in half I know that, no matter what happens, we're gonna make the best of tonight. We're gonna enjoy every second with each other. We won't sleep all night because we don't want to lose a second with each other. So it's... It's a lot on both of us, but I know how much G means to me and how much I love her and I know she cares but sometimes she doesn't show it as much. I need to be a hundred percent confident about how she feels and how it's reciprocated between both of us. We talked about a lot of things, um, but I still have one thing that's... It's still hard to get out of my head and that was our blow up in the kitchen and that you lost your butterflies. Mm-hmm. You had them, and then you lost them. Mm-hmm. I'm going into the wedding and... I still want to make sure that you're happy at the end of the day whether it's with me or without me. And we've been happy these last few days, but I'm also... I still question, like... "Am I good enough for her, for what was missing? I want your honest answer, of how you feel now. I feel a lot of things. I don't like the fact that I did lose them. I'm not gonna lie. But... it wasn't fair of me to just feel like you could read my mind. After I told you how I felt, even though it was so insensitive of me, the way that I told you, you just... You soaked it up like a sponge, you know? You didn't shy away from it at all and that was a really hard thing for you to hear. Really hard. Because I would die, too. So... the fact that you just kind of were like, "What would G like?" That got me back. So they're back? They're back. I just really thought they went away. So are you scared they'll go away again? Yeah. I am, honest. What would cause them to go away again? I have no idea. I don't know what made them go away. I'm someone that can push through anything. My butterflies come with me. Yeah. You know. I don't know. It's the one thing you can't explain. And I'm being as honest as I can. I appreciate that. So, to a great day, an incredible evening, and to the most beautiful woman I've ever laid my eyes on. Here's to... having... an experience of a lifetime with you. I like that. And now... Hmm. The night's not over. What? What are you getting at, Damian? Oh my God. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ How should I start What should say I can't let this slip away Hey, darling. Hey, babe. What you working on? Um... Working on our vows. I'm not supposed to peek, am I? I don't know what the tradition is on that. I don't think... I think I'm supposed to be like, surprised. Surprised? Yeah, though, I think some couples, they like... Their vows go together, type of thing. Like, what do you mean by they... Sometimes they go together? Oh, you know, "I promise to be your pilot." Then the other person's, like, "I promise to be your copilot." Oh, yeah, let's not do that. Let's not do that, honey. I really want to see where Lauren's head is at and try to get some resolution as to whether she really wants to get married. I'm excited about the bachelorette party. You are? Yeah. You're not excited about the bachelor party? You're so uptight today, Cameron. What's wrong? What's wrong, honey? We're getting married in not that much time, and I mean, I still... don't know... completely what you're gonna say. Yeah. So... Yeah, I don't want to say a definite answer. Just the thought of walking down the aisle and committing myself to someone for life just makes me so nervous that I want to, like, vomit. I know that the truth may hurt Cameron's feelings but but it's important to me to always be open and honest, especially with a man that I'm possibly going to marry. Like, we don't have time to lie to each other to protect each other's feelings. We need honesty, no matter how much it hurts. I mean, I don't want to go into our wedding day without know... You know... Without knowing... I mean, I feel like that, outside of this process, I mean, even if we were just getting married on our own I still would be nervous and freaking out up to the point where I get up to the altar and I'm like, "What... am I going to do or say?" You know, it's just tough to... not know how she feels at this point. I guess I thought she was going to know, but... You know that I'm ready to marry you already. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I know that. Say yes Say yes Cameron, I mean, I... I don't know what to say. It's overwhelming when... you feel that strongly about someone, I think. You know, I would never want to lose her. I just really want to be your husband. I want you to be my wife. I know. I know you do. So if I asked do you feel the same Would you say yes Say yes Here we are. Oh, yeah. There's a pole. Never met a pole I couldn't fly down. It is our bachelorette party. It's crazy to think that throughout this whole process, I finally made it to, like, the day before my wedding. I'm trying not to think too hard about "This is going to be my last night," 'cuz then I'll get in my head and I don't want to get into that space. Everybody's toasting with their ring hand already. He put a ring on it. Cheers, babies. I'm looking forward to having a good time like we always do. Next thing you know... Hey, excuse me. Hey, Atlanta PD. Y'all gotta get this van out of the way. Yes! Oh! Wait a minute. Stripper. Yes. Stripper. It's a stripper. It's a stripper. Oh, sht! I don't even have time to realize what's happening. He throws me back onto this chair and just starts doing his thing, just jackhammering. Oh my God! Here you go, ladies. I don't know what's happening. Yes! There you go, Kelly. There you go. And as well behaved as I am being with the stripper, I'm assuming the guys have a stripper as well and my fianc, being the salsa dancing king that he is, I'm just assuming and visualizing what's taking place at their bachelor party. You really killed it. Game time. Wait, is this meat? Yeah. Okay. We were told there wouldn't be any strippers here. You guys, you want something to drink? Cam! Cam! This is the most responsible one of the group. We need a half-shot for him. So today, this is the last hurrah before we tie the knot. All of the guys' friends and a lot of my close friends are here, so now everybody's hanging out, having a wonderful time. Hey, hey. All right. All seriousness, though. For the gentlemen that have gone through this experience, for those of the friends that have seen us go through this experience, I know you guys think we're absolutely crazy. But we've learned things that we've never thought in our lives, but it's brought us all here in this moment. So I cheers to that. It was good to have the guys there, like... The last little toast to the entire experience and just to have our guys there, all together... I'm thankful that it could end with not just the original five, but with our best friends. This all brought us together for a reason and, no matter what... Hey. ...we're here. Here we go. If we were drunk on the moon I'd watch the earth rise with you Bitches, we're getting married. I'm so excited. I'm about to get married. Oh my God. Oh my fckng God. Like... put that... I'm marrying my best friend. Let's get crazy. I'm getting married to my best friend and I love him and I'm so lucky. It's huge. It's huge and I'm so lucky and thankful. I'm also really drunk. Hey, everyone. Oh my God. Oh, sht. Hello. So good to see you. I miss you. I know. You look gorge. Hello? What about me, btch? I see Carolina and Meghan and I'm so happy that they're here. I just... These girls are, you know, my family. What do you feel now? Where are you right now? It's started this experience and I actually clicked with Damian, and then I see him and I'm, like, the voice doesn't match the face. Now I have to put, like, physical to, like, emotional. It's really weird. Like the way that he treats me, he's a prince. It's so cute. It's so cute. I've never seen your ring. Let me see. Oh. Aww, that's so cute. My friends still have a ton of questions about the engagement and Cameron and... I already know that entering into this experience is going to be a lot of questions that I'm going to have to answer, so I'm just glad to get it all out. Wait a minute. Where are you going on a honeymoon? Well, we had like a pre-honeymoon. We went to Mexico. Okay. But I don't know if we're gonna do... Well, we probably will, eventually. Like, another honeymoon, if I get married. Whenyou get married! The crazy thing about it is that I've literally prayed... Like, "I'm ready for my match, Lord, send him." Now he's here and I'm like, "Oh sht." Right. I'm scared, like... Are you still happy? Yeah, he's so fun. Like, you'll love him. He's a great guy. But just, you know. What? Like, I've always said... In our dating life, yeah. And I've always told Kelly her picker is off. Like, she has a bad picker for guys. It's true. I mean, I love her but... You need a show to to help us. She does have a bad... You have a bad... Because you fall in love with looks... Yeah. ...and then their personalities. And that's how you've done it forever. And we've had to get you out of many... No, I know. It's like, usually you're talking about abs or something. Yeah, I know. Have y'all done the deed? We haven't. Okay. I mean Kenny is an attractive guy, but how he looks is not my typical guy. My eyes always went to brunettes. I just personally am not as physically attracted to him. I love Kenny, but he gives me that "best friend" vibe. Have you done any kind of deed? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You know what's crazy? Um... We ended up not waiting that long. sx? Yeah. Do you think you just did it out of like, the stress? No. It was crazy. You know, the first time was... I don't know, man. I can't explain it. It was fun. Damn. And I couldn't... I couldn't explain it, like, because, you know, she was really adamant. And then ever since then, man, it's just... There's a connection that's been there, you know? So you feel better about it now? I feel better about her because we connected the dots. Dude, it just happened, man. Just... I don't know. But it's crazy. It was gnarly. That's great. That is crazy. Right? Like... Kelly and I, like, we... We've messed around, but we didn't hv sx. Really? She's... Yeah. I mean, we've done everything but. I honestly do believe that it has strengthened us a lot because I think, again, we connected on an even more level. You know, found a more common ground and I think it was awesome for her, especially because now she feels a lot closer to me. For her and I, it was just a chemistry that just happened and I was, like, "Wow." It was right at that moment that we were just like... Yep, like, the physical connection was just there, you know? I mean, when I entered into this experiment, I mean, I really didn't think anything like this would come about. Yeah. You know? I mean, sometimes I don't even think about the fact that I'm getting married. It's a good thing. It means it's like a natural thing that you want to do, that it's not like this weird thing. You know, it's going to be a crazy day. I don't really know what to expect. You know, right? You're getting married. Well, I... Let's hope so. I hope so, too. Yeah. I hope so, too. Cam's, you know... He's a very romantic guy, so it's not completely surprising to me that he found someone that he was able to connect so strongly in such a short amount of time. Most of the girls he dates are pretty sophisticated. They're usually into the arts. They're usually like very elegant and from what he's told me about, um, Lauren so far, it seems like she kind of fits into that mold. It's tough for her because she's never lived with another man before. Oh, wow. Yeah. That's very interesting. Well, she had two serious relationships that lasted about two years apiece. Okay. And they were both long-distance. Interesting. And she's never introduced a man to her parents before. Interesting. Okay. Bro, even the guys who she... How long were these... Like these two year relationships, but they weren't good enough to meet Dad. Wow, that is extremely interesting. Man, I love Giannina. I do. So are y'all like, legit? Like, a hundred percent on each other's level? So she backed off, shut down. For weeks, fighting, arguing, just stupid sht. It pushed me away, and I was, "fck this." I backed off. I went down and I said, "I'm not doing this." And then the last four or five days, she's been totally involved. She's like, "Wake up, do you want breakfast?" Like, "What can I do for you?" "Hey, babe, I'm grabbing dinner." I was fckng, like, "I love this girl." I've actually fallen for who she is. I know they're having some differences, but, like, he's still in it, so he knows what he wants. He hasn't been like a one-woman, "This is who I want to marry." Never heard that word. Never, like, "engaged, wife," whatnot. Never. Honestly, this is like a changed Damian. But at the same time, our wedding's coming up and I'm scared. I'm nervous. I got all this sht running through me. And she loved me, she didn't love me and now she loves me again. And it's like, where will this be in a month? Are you gonna still love me or you gonna want something else? And you know what? No matter what happens between me and G at our wedding, our engagement, our off-set experiences, I love that woman. What? What do you want to know? Do you still think love is enough. To be honest, I think everyone has... More so women, I think that they have a visual who they're going to marry. The accolades, the... The height, the weight, whatever it is, the visual picture. I've tackled every obstacle. I've tackled every objection. I've tackled everything. Jess and I... Even right now, we're in a good spot. I feel confident she's going to say, "Hey, let's fckng get married." So after everything you've told me, you think it's still enough? This roll... This roll will determine everything. You can't leave your future up to the roll of a dice. Why not? That would be bold, man. Put it all in. Let's go. Put it in. Let's go. All-in. I'm all-in, why not? fck it. All right. Yeah. Seven! Whoa! Wow! Damn. Well, I guess we don't gotta worry about this anymore. Never play craps. Wow, dude. Welcome, welcome to The Lips. It's okay to be a h as long as you're a good h. Ah! Do I have any good hos? If you need something and you can't find your waitress, all you gotta do is raise your hand and let us know you need something. One more thing... We need a drink and appetizer. Oh, you need a drink and an appetizer? Yes, please. Can you say "appetizer" without slurring your words, btch? The drag queen tells Jessica that she's slurring her words. I can help you with that, but I need to know what kinda drink you need, btch. Whoo! She needs a vodka soda. No, she wants a vodka soda. She probably don't need it. Jessica is a mess-ica tonight, okay? Okay? A mess. Baby girl. Hey, Boo-Boo. Hey, look at me and know me. Look at me. You okay, Boo-Boo? I won't go after your dude. You and your dude... And I know you. I know you, baby! I know you! I saw you and your baby and I saw you guys were... You were so perfect. I'm in love with my fianc. I am in love with him. And I know you and him have a very serious friendship. Honest to God, he is the most... amazing person I've ever met in my whole life. The Barnett thing that happened in the pods... it's over. It was a complicated situation to begin with and getting over that might take a while but if it was still a thing, if it was still in your head, that would have been disrespectful and that would have made me, literally, like, beat your ass. Baby, for sure. Like, I'm sorry, I'm a hostile person. I would have broken your fckng nose. I'm not gonna lie. Considering my situation with Jessica and Barnett, had she genuinely been pursuing my fianc... If you were to ever actively go after my husband, I would destroy your life. That would have been a huge issue for me. Look at me. Boobies is in. Okay. Baby, I'm not worried about being against you. I never have been. Promise me. Never, not ever. Today's the day. I am excited. Yeah. It's my wedding day. I can't believe that it's here. I just wish it was a little bit more sunny. It'll dry up, but you know what this means, when it rains on your wedding day? What? Oh, is it good luck? It's really for fertility. You're gonna have a lot of babies. It's for fertility? I was guessing! I didn't know it was it. Giannina, she's the most beautiful woman I ever laid my eyes on. Indescribably beautiful. Heart, soul, spirit. And we fell in love without ever seeing one another, and now we're here. Our wedding day. And it's emotional 'cause it's not a game to me. It's not just an experiment. It's my heart. So cute. Yay! Are you guys excited? Yes. Dream come true. I can't believe this. A month and a half ago, I was so single, it hurt. Bride first. Thank you, guys. And then I fell in love with my fianc without ever seeing him. I want to ask you, Damian Powers, Will you marry me? I will marry you. I'll marry you, too. I accept. I needed someone strong 'cause I need to be able to really be me. We did everything. We held nothing back, even when it hurt like hell. I've felt closer and a stronger connection with her than I have anyone else before. But, once we got back to the real world, it was arguments, challenges, difficulties. One night, she's like, "I love you. I want to be with you," and the next day like, "I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know if I want this." She needs to know that she's in control of a situation and it's 'cause she sort of battles herself. I'm enjoying being here with you and enjoying the moment and you started to go down this whole road of overthinking everything. I'm not overthinking, I'm just asking a question. Listen to me. Stop interrupting me, for the love of God. When things are comfortable, you self-sabotage, as you always say. mthrfckr, listen to me. Like, is there something you want to get out? You make me an option, not a priority, and that's what it comes off as. We keep things the way they've been going, and you will lose me. You know how you tell me this is the best sx of your life? Have you noticed I don't say it's the best sx of my life, too? I came into this process to find the love of my life. Marriage is two people coming together as one. It's a commitment, and we have a decision to make today. At the end of the day, it could be the rest of mine and Giannina's life together, or it could be the last day of us together. What do you love about her? She's beautiful and, you know, her heart's big, um... She feels everything, so she's very emotional, but it keeps me on my toes. It keeps me challenged. It doesn't ever get boring. You see a future with her? Yeah. I do. It's a lot, man. We've went through a year and a half, two years of stuff in a month and a half, and people are like, how do you really know somebody? It's something I could never explain to anybody unless you actually go through it. It's insane. I was super skeptical at first, but I had no clue what it was. But I just... You look happy and you look serious about it, so... I mean, I'm backing it now. Ah! Hola, mami. Hola, mamita. Wow! Ai, que bueno. Que bueno. You can say you're ready to make a really big decision in your life and you're not really ready. Like, no one's ever really ready. So am I ready to marry Damian? If it happens today, then I'm ready. It seems like you want to be the best version of yourself. I mean, I did show him, like, my bitchy side, like, hardcore. I don't think you can hide that. So, and he... It seems like he loves you anyway. Right. I know that I pushed Damian... ...over the edge. But this was life, condensed. And I really, really wanted to see how are things when they get real, when things get hard? Oh, my God, my God, my God. Ay, Giannina. You're getting married? You wantme to get married? Yes. Yes? I'm... curious. Well... please, don't let this be a game to you, Giannina, okay? No. Don't cry because you'll ruin your makeup. I know, it's hard. No, it's not hard. We're here. It's what you decide. Yeah, she is gonna walk down that aisle today, and I'm very unsure of what's gonna happen. It's going to be in a decision of a matter of seconds or minutes that determines, potentially the rest of my life and hers. I don't know where I stand at this point and I've been so confident with everything, and... I want my head to be fully in it and I want my heart to be fully in it, but today I'm questioning a lot of things. Marriage, it's... It's binding. it's your teammate, it's your partner. It's, it's so much more and little things like that hit me in the heart because she does mean a lot to me and I want her to love me the way I love her. Watch me rise up when the others fall I'll give more after I've given all Ah! Qualities that would make Giannina a good wife She loves kids. She wants a family. She's hard-working. She's dedicated. She's committed to always wanting more in her life. Um, if now... you will hold these. The time comes um, to hold mine and G's rings at the altar. Gonna watch me rise up when the others fall Every morning I wake up next to Giannina, I still get butterflies. I fall in love with her again every single day. Ay yi yi. Now it's legit. Oh, wow. I love Damian. I love him so much. He does things every single day that make me feel loved, and the fact that he truly gets me, that makes me feel... like sunshine. Do I think he will be the best husband and father and my soulmate ever? Yes. Of course. Yay! But, uh, is he going to be able to handle me, good and bad? So this is a gift from G... to me. It's always a positive sign. Yeah. You know what I mean? Love. "The beginning was rough. The middle was sweet. The other half was a lot. And soon we'll reach our peak. I asked you once, 'Can you handle me?' I hope you know now and forget the rest, 'cause ready or not, this isn't a test. So, what do you want? Only you can guess. P.S., Just in case you get cold feet, here are some socks to keep you warm." "Love, G." You gonna put them on? Hell, yeah. Are you ready to walk me down the aisle? Hmm. Yes. Ah! I have to. Yes. Who else? I'm the father. I'm overwhelmed because I am afraid of failure and disappointing people that I care about. My family is here. My friends are here. I feel scared and excited. It's a roller coaster of emotions. I love you. I'm proud of you. I give you away. No? S. Today... we hope to celebrate love. Today we discover if love is blind. Please rise for the bride. Looking in Giannina's eyes, my heart starts racing. How I'm feeling is unexplainable. I'm moments away from making the biggest decision of my life. I see Damian standing there. He looks so hot and dapper. Who gives this woman to this man? I do. We are gathered here to celebrate and delight in the marriage between Giannina and Damian. Now you stand together in the presence of family and friends and God to decide whether or not to face life together as husband and wife. Giannina, you can now share your thoughts. I always dreamed what it would feel like when I found my soulmate, to hear their voice and have the world melt away. And you gave me that gift. You gave me you, and it is the most beautiful gift I've ever received. Giannina Milady Gibelli, I remember the first time I walked into the pod and I heard your voice. I've been all around the world, I've never heard anything so beautiful. I buried my heart away the last few years and you opened it back up. I didn't just give you a piece of me. I gave you all of me. And I don't love just a piece of you, I love all of you. Giannina and Damian, will you get married and commit to face life together as husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever? You fell in love with who each of you are on the inside and you decided to get married before ever seeing one another. Now is the time to decide if love is blind. Giannina Milady Gibelli, do you take Mark Damian Powers to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him and keep him, so long as you both shall live? Of course I do. And from this day on, I promise to give you the gift of being your rock when you least want it, because it's when you need it the most. And I'll plant kisses that'll grow trust and confidence within you. Because this I promise, Damian I'm yours. Damian Powers, do you take Giannina Milady Gibelli to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, so long as you both shall live?With only two weeks left until the weddings, the couples get fitted for suits and gowns. But will lingering doubts lead to drama or new beginnings? You're not going to ask me for my blessing to this? Of course, you know, in an ideal world, I would've wanted to have asked for your blessing before I proposed to her. Um, the circumstances didn't really allow me to do that. Well, I'll let you guys talk on your own, maybe. Uh, okay. Be nice, Daddy. So I've never introduced my dad to any of my boyfriends, let alone my fianc, who is also white. My dad is also very vocal about the black community and keeping the black family structure strong, so I'm a little nervous. I mean, my dad's not racist or anything, but I'm nervous as to how he'll react. He doesn't take a lot of sht. He's used to being the boss, he's used to calling the shots, he's very protective over me. Um, but he's a great man. With Lauren, I know that she has never lived with a man before. Never. And never introduced a man to her parents, and I feel honored that I'm that guy. This is big stuff here, man. This ain't no, uh, you know, easy thing here. This is big stuff. I don't want to be a bad guy. I don't want to scare you, nothing like that. It's not my intent. I want to know you. Yeah. Absolutely. But I'm brutally honest. Anybody who knows me will tell you. I have no problem speaking my mind. I got through life like that. I guess it's simple and a short-cut to say you're a white guy, she's a black woman. Let's talk about that. How do you feel about being in a room full of black people? Have you ever been in a room full of black people? Of course. Just you, young white guy there? Of course. That's a hell of a question, but it's real. Yeah, absolutely. Um... No, I, I had a serious relationship prior to meeting Lauren. We dated for five years. Okay. She was a black woman. Um, so I found myself in that type of situation all the time. Mm-hmm. You know, I have experienced being in a interracial relationship where people have issues... That's not everything, but it's certainly gonna play a factor... Sure. .. of how you live in the world. Yeah. You know? Your daughter is the most amazing woman I've ever met. I fell in love with her without ever having seen her. I love her for who she is, and I'm grateful every day to... be with her. I don't judge you by anything other than how you treat her. I appreciate that. Okay? You know, this is so overwhelming to me. It's a surprise. All of it, it's a surprise. Um... Okay, let's see how this goes. It's ultimately her decision. I've always taught her to live her life the way she sees it. When I talked to Cameron, he's a little too mellow for me, but I like him that she likes him. That's as good as the approval's gonna get right now. I'm not 100% with this. I'm from a whole other generation. We didn't pick a wife like this. Yeah. But she loves you, so I like you. That's a start. Yeah. Well, I wanna work so that you do love me, eventually. Give a little bit of love Give a little bit of love And you'll come around Take a little bit of love Take a little bit of love And you're gonna feel Give a little bit of love Fellas, fellas, fellas, fellas. How are we? What's up, buddy? You guys doing all right? Doing great, man. Hi! Hi! Wow, you guys look glowing. Fellas, in this blind love experiment, you chose to get engaged and spend the rest of your life with a woman you had not seen, based solely on an emotional connection. You've shared a romantic getaway, you moved in with one another... And now, your weddings are just two weeks away. Ooh. Yes. Today, you guys are gonna choose a suit to wear at your wedding on your wedding day. Awesome to see you guys brought family and friends with you. A little moral support today. That's good, it's important. Damian, who do you got with you? This is my buddy Aaron. What do you think of all this? Kinda crazy. But if I knew anybody would kinda do this, it would be Damian. Is that right? Yeah. He's the risk taker? Yeah. You can't calm him down. He's always on to the next thing, on to the next thing, so... Not this time. Not yet. Lauren, is this your mom? This is my mom. So, what are you thinking right now, Mom? I never dreamed of her getting married through an experiment. Just drink your champagne, Mom. Mark, who you got with you? Uh, my best friend, Bardia. Brad. Hey, man. What did you think when Mark told you this was going on? What was going through your mind? I thought it was crazy. I'm older than Mark, and I think, you know, 24, 25 is a little too young to get married. You think he's too young? I do. I think, 24, 25, you're really just starting to find yourself. And so I'm a little concerned that she's a little older than him. Yeah, well, you're a good buddy. You're here today, you know, regardless of how you feel. And you're obviously... He knows he's always got us. Yeah, you always need people in your life that'll give it to you straight. Of course. I mean, I've always... I mean, we've been best friends for a long time, but he's always respected me in the sense that I will always make my decision for me. And, yeah, the age is gonna have its challenges. And we're gonna, you know, day by day. That's been our motto since the start. We've taken it day by day, and I'm excited for those challenges. Mm-hmm. So, we'll see what happens. And I'm just excited that he's been my support system. Hey, these are your boys. You wanna look out for them. And this is a big, big day. So, Damian, Barnett, Cam, Mark, Kenny, when you choose your suit today, I want you to think about what it symbolizes. This will be the gown that you will wear when you stand in front of your family and friends and the man that you've chosen. In that dress, you will ultimately decide... Will you say "I do" to the man that you got engaged to, sight unseen? Or will you choose to walk away from her... forever? I hope you will all celebrate a beautiful wedding, and experience a marriage that lasts the test of time. But this is an experiment. Is love blind? I hope you guys prove that it is. Guys, enjoy the day. Enjoy this process, seriously. Can't wait to see you in your suits. Thanks, Nick. Have fun, guys. Okay, we got nos, we got yeses. Yes. No. Every little girl always has this fantasy about the day that she goes to pick her wedding dress. Okay. Oh, look at you! Oh, wow, Lauren. With the train and everything. Oh, Lauren! Where's the yes? It's really nice. Oh, my god! Lauren. Oh, my god. That's beautiful. That is gorgeous. This is all real. This is all happening. We're planning a wedding. I'm here, trying on wedding dresses. It doesn't get more real than this. Stop it! Oh, my God! I love this. Baby, you look like a goddess. I love shopping, but this is the biggest moment ever. Oh, I like the back. Oh, yes, honey. So, there is a lot. Amber, that's gorgeous. That's beautiful. Twirl. That dress is gorgeous. I mean, this is so pretty. You couldn't see, but I totally kicked my leg out right there. It's a leg kick. So gorgeous. Oh! I'm like, no. No? I've never gotten so serious about someone that I would go to a wedding dress shop to try on a dress, so it's uncharted territory for me. I want to dip my toe in the water. Really, just... I wasn't ready to jump, so I'm like, next we'll do something really bridal-y. Ooh! That's pretty. That is pretty. Oh, I like that. You look gorgeous. Do you love it? No. Like dating, I'm so picky. Maybe this is a true reflection of that. I've never like planned this day. So I feel like it's harder for me to figure out exactly what I like. It's okay. 'Cause I don't know. So... Next dress! Are you thinking more suit or tux? I'm thinking suit. You are barrel-chested. Is that a good thing? Well, it is when you're looking for women, but not when you're fitting clothes. What's this for? That goes in the back of the shoe to let your heel slide in. I'm not fancy. You guys don't dress up a lot, do you? How does it feel? A little tight. So, Barnett, I do have some concerns. Yeah, no, seriously. Like, um, yeah. I don't expect you to understand either way. I mean, I really can't understand. It has only been two weeks. Honestly... I've been happy before, but this is... This is a different happiness, and I don't know really how to explain it all the time. But it's just like... Yeah. I've never been with anybody that's so easy to be with, you know. Yeah. There's always complications, like, even, like, the little sht that comes out, it just doesn't really matter, you know? You're saying is, when you know... We get past the little stuff quick. Amber is the whole package. Like, I've never been with someone so confident, and I've never been so confident about someone. So, it's crazy. And you know more about her and she probably knows more about you. Honestly, she probably knows more about me than you do. That's how crazy that whole experience was. I know. I know we've had like years and years of, you know, breakups together and stuff like that. You know, it's just... I'm excited for the wedding day. Like, it's my day, but it's really her day. Just 'cause it's something she's probably dreamed about her whole life. I haven't dreamed about it my whole life. I just started thinking about it two weeks ago. It's, it's, it's real, but I'm trying not to make it, like, crazy stressful. As long as you're happy, I'm good. I'm happy. I'm happy. Oh, wow. I was trying to put the pieces together because I couldn't visualize things anymore. I just can't stop staring at it. Then when I put on the dress, I was like, "Wow... I can see it." So I took it as a sign. I'm a really big believer in signs. Stop it. Oh! Oh, my gosh! Gigi! Giannina, oh, my God. I mean, like you see it in movies and everything, and, like, you always picture it, you walking down the aisle. Aww. And then I put on this dress... Yay! Oh, boo-boo. I think he'll think I'm pretty. Absolutely. Yeah, I think he'll like it. What is this? You look so beautiful. Oh, wow. Oh, my God. When I saw her, I just melted. I mean, I had to get up and hug her, 'cause seeing her there with that dress, it was like seeing a princess, like a fairy tale. Like, it became a reality. Yes. Oh, wow. It's beautiful. Oh! I love that on you. You like the train? Trying on wedding dresses is something that my mom and I have always talked about. She's always wanted to help me pick my dress for that big day. So, we're finally at that time, and I definitely feel scared overall of the whole commitment of marriage and the fact that I'm gonna be married. But right now, in this second, in this moment, I'm feeling good right now. This is a moment I've been waiting for, Lauren. I've been waiting for this. Lauren looked gorgeous. It got to me, so, um... You know, I've always waited for this day to see her in a wedding dress. I'm really happy for her, that she found someone to... To make her happy. Yeah. Yeah. Ooh! Oh, I love that. That's pretty. That looks good. Give us a spin, give us a spin. Kelly, this is really pretty on you, girl. Yeah. That's beautiful. Watching my sister walk out in that wedding dress today was just the most beautiful feeling 'Cause it's my... It's my little sister. She's my heart. So... I'm very excited to see the next stage in this... in her life, coming to fruition for her. In the most beautiful way. I feel like I... Not that I'm losing my sister, but it's like... Well, yeah. She's not single anymore. Does that make sense? Believe me, I know. Single a little too long, guys. I mean, you're literally getting married off. So it's like a loss, but you're gaining so much more... And you're gaining, yeah. It's just change. It's still happy, and it's beautiful. It is beautiful. So, it's different. It is different. Yeah. I love you. Mm. Round two. Round two. Oh, my God. Gosh, Amber! That's beautiful. I've been thinking about my wedding since the first time I saw Cinderella. You look like a swan. You know, you want the prince and the princess. And the older I got, I realized I didn't want somebody to save me. I wanted somebody that, you know, sometimes would need me to save them. And that is what I think I've found now. This is surreal. Um... I don't know, I guess, like, the idea of... getting down the aisle and making it this far with Barnett, and then... the possibility that he... he might say no, I don't think I could survive it. The more excited I find I'm getting about these things, I'm more scared. I'm starting to get... In the back of my head, there is this very legitimate fear... that Barnett isn't going to be able to go through with this wedding. Things you don't really think about, like Nick said... You don't really think about picking out your, your suit for the day. You know, and that's why I seem kinda scrambled, 'cause I've never really put much thought into that. I don't think you've put much thought into any of it. Yeah, I have. Is there such thing as tailor confidentiality? There is, of course. All right. I like it. I'm a little skeptical. He thinks he knows what he wants. What's up, man? What's up? Dude, can you believe it? But he doesn't necessarily understand the gravity of the situation. I think he's not looking before he jumps off the skyscraper. When I was your age, right, I wasn't looking to make emotional connections with people. It was more... I was in school, I was working, I was looking for a fun time, a good time, you know? It's so big, man. I knew coming in to this what the responsibility is of a married man, of the possibility that I could find someone, and marry and spend the rest of my life with them. I knew that, taking the leap of faith coming in here. And I didn't back down from it. And I found someone that I made an emotional connection that I've never made with any of my exes or girls that I've dated in the past, and now, again, I'm here in this process right now with Jessica, and I am still steadfast in what I believe in. So what Bardia sees is the age gap. A 34-year-old woman, successful where she's at in life, and a 24-year-old guy that's still figuring it out. What he's looking at is a societal thing as opposed to what I actually experienced. That emotional connection that I had with Jess was so real, I think that's really hard to grasp for some people, is how could this be true? In ten days, you just propose to somebody when you didn't even see them. Well, on the contrary, I think that I got to know them better than if I saw them first. I know you said you've never had an emotional connection like that with somebody. How does that affect your physical connection? I made that emotional connection with someone, and finally, you know, we pushed it and pushed it for so long till it happened, and that physical connection, I can honestly say, it was one of the most amazing experiences of my entire life. One night, I think our emotional connection took over and we made it into a physical connection. It was beautiful to see how both, just amazing... And that's why whatever Bardia's concerns are with me and what anyone's concerns are with me is that now that we have both tied in together, it's as if there's nothing that can stop us. Whoa. What do you think? This doesn't feel right. I don't know. This one doesn't feel right. It feels really pretty. It feels really pretty? I just don't know if I like it. I don't know if it feels right. I just feel like... Okay. Second time. I like that. Ooh! That's way better. You don't like it? Um... Uh... Yeah, so, like, this dress is doing things to me. Um... Yeah. It's gorgeous. Like, it's a forever dress. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Do you want to be in that dress? I don't know. Am I being true in this? Or am I being wishful thinking, or... Where am I at? Still need time. I'm suffocating. It's okay. Marriage, to me, is forever. There are just so many details for me for me that need to be ironed out before I can commit to being with someone for the rest of my life. What's up? Hi! How are you, birthday boy? Birthday boy? The last time I saw you, y'all made me drink whiskey. It wasn't my fault. Hey. Oh, my gosh. How are you? I'm good. I've decided I do want to talk to Barnett today. I cannot walk out of here after this entire experience with any regrets, with anything left unsaid. I cannot leave anything on the table. How are things? Good. Really good. Stressing out. Dude, if you would've asked me three weeks ago, I would've never guessed. Really? No offense. Really? Yeah. When? Like, in... Never. If I would've ever thought, like, you and Amber will be getting married, I would probably have never... Why? I don't know. I... Well, I pictured you so differently than reality. Not in a bad way at all. No, no, I got you. No. I think it's amazing. You guys are actually such a good match, and I realized that in Mexico. I was actually saying that yesterday. No. Um... Oh, sht. That's amazing. Yeah. Good. Yeah, so... It sounds like it's a good... That's a good situation. Anyway... You're a good... You're a good faker. Just kidding. All right, stop. That's not a good thing to say. No, don't say that. Okay. I know I was 100% about you at one point. But, like, I'm with Amber. And then the other day... I guess, whenever, my birthday, like, when we were talking, I guess it felt like, you know, you had regrets about us, maybe. When we were talking. Really? Yeah. That's how I... That's what it felt like. Not to you. Huh? Not to you. I wasn't sure. Really? I wasn't sure. Regrets about you? Maybe. And I think that pissed Amber off a little, too. Really? Yeah. What? I'm mortified. How could he think I like him? Now she thinks I like him. This is very awkward. Oh, for sure. From her perspective, that's what she saw. So, I mean, I didn't know how to take it. No. It's okay, it's okay. It was a weird night. I'm so sorry it was... Okay, okay, okay. Sorry if I came across weird. I'm a loving, very overly loving person when I've had a little bit too much to drink, and I think that night, specifically, I gave him the wrong impression. And especially, like, seeing you with Amber, like... A thousand percent, like... She and I couldn't be any opposite type of people. So, like... I know. It's... There's no way I could see it, like... Okay. So, I'm sorry. Okay. No, you're... I should definitely chat with her. It's my fault because... I should talk to her. That's kinda why I was like, "Could you see us together?" 'Cause, like, it felt like you were regretting it. Uh... Not sure where to go with that, but... I'm so thrilled for you guys. I would not ever, ever... You're engaged! And I really don't... I, I, really have never thought that one time. Like, the only thing I've ever thought was, "They're so great together. They seem like they're having a great time." You know, "I'm happy for him." That's it. Truly. Good. I mean, I'm sorry I assumed. Are you just, like, 1,000%, just like, "I'm doing this." Yeah. I'm pretty much 100%. So, I'm glad. I'm, I'm in a good place. I like where I'm at, so... Good. Cool. At this point, I'm done with Barnett. I don't want to continue the interactions with him. Mark has been my rock, and I know that's the right relationship for me. It's just been hard for me to accept that. I have never been able to commit to taking a relationship forward, so I'm scared, to be completely honest. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ Doo, doo, doo-doo doo-doo Doo, doo, doo-doo doo-doo Doo, doo, doo-doo doo-doo 1, 2, 3, turnaround Don't you watch me now Just turnaround Touch your knees, don't look Just turnaround Do it now Don't make me count to four 1, 2, 3, turnaround Watch yourself Why don't you turnaround Walk right through that door Doo, doo, doo-doo doo-doo Doo, doo, doo-doo doo-doo Who could it Please, don't look at me So obviously It makes me sweat Straight to my head I'm turning red 'Cause someone said So I'm upset Planning a wedding, yeah, it's stressful. We're super busy. So, I've been wanting to sit in a room together and talk things out together, Okay, so... You know how like we... Are you on your phone? See, I don't do that. We're in the gym, I was pausing my music 'cause it was still playing. G sees me on my phone for three seconds. She's like, "Please put your phone down. I'm trying to talk to you." But she's constantly on her phone, and I don't say anything. You're making a big deal, jumping to conclusions. You do it all the time. The problem is you're so consistent with it, you don't realize it. Yeah, I probably do it 'cause I literally work through my phone. You're on Instagram. You're on social media, and you're like this talking to me. I get alerts. People tell me, "Hey..." Know how many times I've posted since I've been back? Not once. I don't care. That's your life. So, the thing is... That's your social media life. But you're making like I'm on my phone a lot. I'm on my phone this high of a percentage compared to you. So don't make it about social media when I go to check my phone to pause it. Being on my phone and being on social media are two completely different things. I'm on my phone a lot because I have to work through my phone. We're having a conversation and I had to repeat the same thing four times. You're like, "Sorry. Huh? Huh? I'm really sorry I was sidetracked." And you remember that. You did it three, four times in one conversation. So... This is such fckng bullshit. You think I want to argue with you? You bring them up, and then contradict it 'cause you do it. And if you want to bring up the... Do you have a problem with me posting on Instagram? Is there something you want to get out? No, it's just... 'Cause I told you I do sht on Instagram. That's my social, like, blogging platform. I know it's your blogging platform, but I'll message you, and you don't reply back for eight hours. You're like, "Sorry, my phone was turned off. I was busy." And then... I called you in between your texts. I rather call than text. Yeah, and it was nine hours later, and you had posted on Instagram. Are you serious right now? This is literally wasting time. You make me an option, not a priority. And that's what it comes off as. I want you to live your best life, but you gotta have some respect for the other individual too. I don't want social media to be put before me in any case. Because I haven't done that to her. Jesus! Communication. Don't talk to me. Don't talk to me. The door is locked down there. I don't care. Oh, God! Hi. Hi. How the fck was your day? I don't know. I have not been at work since this experiment ended. My days are pretty much centered around getting ready for the wedding. Barnett is working nonstop every day. You look like your day was wonderful. I don't know what she does all day. I honestly don't know. Since she's not really working, she burned through a few... A few shows on Netflix already, so... I may or may not have gone home and started working on my wedding list and called more people while I drank an entire bottle of red wine. Normal stuff to do. Everybody is like, "Oh, God. Does he know what he's in for?" And I'm, like... I think I do. I don't know. I'm nervous. We're gonna find out. I'm nervous. Oh, God. It sounds like you had a good day. I went to go get my dress fitted. Oh, it's gonna look so good, and then they gave me the prices. That doesn't look good. It's not good. It's not great. So... the alterations themselves are $850, which puts me at least, like, $400 over budget. I've always pictured my marriage in the future to be really secure. I would love to be a stay-at-home mom. I hope Barnett can take care of me. Honestly, I have so much to do. I have to pick out a cake, still. I have to order my bridesmaids dresses. I have them picked out. I do want real flowers. They don't have to be expensive. I want my bouquet to be nice, because obviously I'm going to be the center of attention on our wedding day, duh. I want everything to look really good. My mom has already done so much for me, I feel like it would be unfair to ask her to pay for my wedding. Like, I want to make sure we can manage this ourselves. Let's see how this ends up. I don't want to ever have financial issues. Amber's at a place right now where she's struggling financially. I mean, I'm worried about it. I have to support a wedding, a family. I have to support the house, I have to do all this. It's a lot of pressure. You want to help me with this guest list? Ooh! Wedding stuff. Sure. Let's do it. Yeah? I've got really most of my guests already filled out. Do you? Yeah. All right. As for my guests... Mm... Okay. I still have a lot of family and friends to tell. Yeah? Like... You know, I haven't told everyone to be honest. Why do you think... I haven't? Yeah. Why do you think you haven't? I just don't like explaining myself to people, and then them judging, and being, like, "Oh! Well, why?" I don't feel like going through that. Yeah. Yeah. Not that I don't want to tell people about your wonderful self and how awesome you are, but I just... Like, you know, "Yeah, this is supposed to be fun and exciting," and, you know, it is. You know, to a degree, but I just feel... I just feel stressed. Like, you know? So... Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't think for any wedding it's all fun and laughter. Yeah, exactly. I feel a huge sense of relief now that Cameron has met my dad. But now that I have the opportunity to marry this wonderful man and have a partnership, a partner in life that wants it to be "us" and "we," and "I'm here to help you and support you," it's like, "Why are you scared, Lauren? What are you fighting?" I don't know. I... Maybe I'm, like, afraid of some type of disappointment, like, in the past, I know, but I can't project that onto Cameron. That's not fair. The invitations just make everything like, you know, it's no turning back now. Yeah. Not that I, you know... But it's just like... Now people are going to be here in the seats, and, you know, what are you going to do? So is it... Is it a fear of it's going to be an unsuccessful marriage, I guess? No. Not really, just because nobody goes into a marriage planning on getting divorced. Sure. I mean, my parents are divorced, your parents are still married. But my parents were married for 17 years before they got divorced. Right. So you've seen the happy ending. I really haven't. It's like... It's pressure. I know. I'm just trying to get to the root of your fears about all this. Every fear and phobia and thought to try to sabotage whatever this is is, is flooding in my head. So I've been fighting that this whole process. You know, I'm just... trying to follow my heart. So, how are you feeling? Yeah. Still no doubts? Ready to do this? Get married? Walk down the aisle? You're not scared or anything? No, I'm good. You know, it makes me a bit nervous to see Lauren's reservations about our wedding. It gets me thinking maybe... she's less set on it than I am. I just want us to be on the same page about this wedding. I mean, honestly, I'm excited for you to be my wife. I don't really want to wait. Are we really about to do this? Yeah, we're about to do it. Oh, my God. We're crazy. Not that crazy. But you only live once, right? Make tonight Make tonight Something beautiful We both know it's all right Tonight, I have something special set up for Jessica. We're starting to feel the reality of everything, and everything coming on top of us, and all these different, you know, voices in our heads, and I think we need to go back to where we started and see why we connected in the first place. Oh, cute. It's a little picnic. And my favorite wine. Why are there...? Wait, why is there one meal in here and one in there? I just feel, I don't know, just where we're at, kinda going back to the pod where it kinda started. Yeah. This is amazing! This is so cool. Thank you. I have been struggling internally about my relationship with Mark. He knew that I had taken steps back since the pod, and, you know, for him to be accepting of that and also be so thoughtful to put this date together is everything. Cheers. Cheers. To a very cute and thoughtful date. Red wine, perfectly-cooked amazing steak, and the pod, which is like my comfort. Going through, day to day, you tend to just keep it even keel. Something about being in this pod-like scenario brings down the walls, and you just open up. When I was born, my mom was... She just turned 20, actually, and she was a virgin until she was married. She met this guy. He was, like, 23. And they decided to get married. So then she got pregnant, and... their marriage obviously was not good. You would think that a couple that was married would be excited about having a baby, but apparently he was not. So he wanted her to have an abortion and she refused to do that. So, he said he didn't really want to hang around for it. Damn. Tears roll Come wash it away I'm here, babe. Come wash it away So I can let it go I definitely have abandonment and detachment issues. Just always knowing that... there was someone from the beginning that didn't take an interest in my life, I think that stayed with me. We could cry We could cry for our yesterday We won't give up We won't give up But the happy ending is my mom met my dad. I don't call him, like, a stepdad or anything like that because we're that close. He adopted me when I was four. And, like, he stayed my whole life. Wow. What you've told me tonight, I'm, I'm thankful and I'm blessed to have the opportunity to be able to sit here and even talk to you remotely about your story and where you come from. You have no idea the amount of respect I have for you, on top of the amount of love I have for you, and tonight kind of, I don't know, just reiterates, like, why I fell for you in the first place. I'm definitely on the same page. You know, I feel much more closer to you right now then I have. You embody everything that I've ever wanted, and I realized that tonight. I love you, babe. Loves ya. Realizing the impact of this date, I believe that if we hold on to this core value and this core foundation, we can last a lifetime. Do you want anything to drink? Yeah, I'll take something to... Yeah? So, the Georgia peach martini. Thank you. Giannina, like, she has been testing me. Can you handle all these sides of me? Emotionally, she's not the same girl she was when I was dating her in the pods. I wasn't worried about arguments or coming here and fighting, and when we stepped out of there, it's like I saw somebody completely different. You keep getting upset over every little thing I do, whether it's good or bad, right? And blowups and arguments, you just get up and jet. And I understand that's you saying, "That's me, that's what I do." But some days, I feel like I'm dragged along. Like I am a toy, a game, a pawn in something that I don't understand. I feel like something's missing now. This wasn't the girl I saw in the pods, the girl I fell in love with in the pods. I mean, we developed something there, and since we've gotten back... Like, seriously? Oh. The social media, the texting and stuff like that, it can become overwhelming. I don't think I've posted one thing on Snapchat since I've been back. I haven't posted anything on Instagram. I haven't been on Facebook. It was because it was things you and I talked about in the pods. You're like, "It's so refreshing just to be away from all of it." But it seems like you get so wrapped up in it sometimes, you forget everything we went through. I want the pieces of us that were in the pods to come back out. It's the piece of you that I fell in love with in the pods. You were emotional, you let me in, I let you in. But since we've gotten back, and the day we get our phones back, you're like, boom. You lose sight of that. I want it with G so bad, but it's got to reciprocate on both ends, and I can't have a successful marriage if my partner's not all-in. We keep things the way they've been going, and you will lose me. You will lose me. I don't want that. Love's not supposed to be easy, but you're not making this easy. And if you care about me in the littlest bit, you will try. 'Cause I'm trying, G. I am trying. And I'm so sorry. As much as you're sorry, I'm sorry too. 'Cause I haven't been true to myself. I've become submissive because I'm scared I'm gonna upset you until where I'm gonna lose you. And I'm gonna change that. I don't want you to be afraid to tell me, like, "I don't agree with this." Okay, well, another pet peeve of mine, real quick, is you saying G.D. all the time. I hate that. I haven't stood up to it because I was trying to let you be you. Oh, my God... Even if I say "Oh, my God," is that still a thing? No, that doesn't bother me. Really? And I don't say it to you because I'm just trying to, like, not add another thing to our problems. While we're getting everything out... Yeah, tell me everything. Politics can be an issue in family, friends. You think politics will be an issue? You... are very opinionated. If I'm asked questions about it. Yeah, I understand. Yeah. And I do have my own political opinions. But I'm not going to be like, "That's wrong." As long as I'm not being imposed on, like, about political beliefs... Because those will not change. You don't think they'll ever change, in any aspect at all? No, those will never change. I'm from Venezuela. My country is in shambles. Literally. My family cannot eat. I have to send them supplies every single month just so that they can wash their hands, or make breakfast, or feed the dog. They don't have anything. That's something you haven't expressed to me before. That's another thing I just learned. I didn't know you sent care packages to your family monthly. That's something that I think is very sweet and very sincere. I would help you with that. If it's important to you, like, I make it important and a priority to me. Right. Right? That's something you're passionate about, then I'll help you with it. This is why I fell in love with you. I would like to make my fianc feel loved by... ...not putting him through my roller coaster of emotions. I don't feel like I deserve him, but I'm gonna earn him... again. I did it once. Wow. Can you feel the love love love Can you feel the heat heat heat Mm. How you doing? I'm good. Yeah? Yeah. That feels good. Yeah? You want to play footsies? Yeah. I think it's nice that we're just getting to know each other, you know. Well... I like hanging out. We were able to make this commitment to each other, and then we haven't, you know, had sx yet. So... I know how I feel about it. Like, how do you feel about it? We are just so perfect on every level. Right. And I just don't want to throw that in the mix just yet. Yeah. Just jumping in and having sx too early in a former relationship, from a sxual standpoint, I wasn't able to open up. And that negatively affected things because... he wasn't able to... pleasure me the way that I wanted to be, because I wasn't emotionally connected to him. Yeah. I mean, to be totally transparent, I just have had issues in the past with... having an rgasm, so I would fear that that would not happen, and it would be... could be frustrating for both of us. I'm attracted to Kenny physically. I'm attracted to him mentally, emotionally, like... But I don't know what that disconnect is. It's like the bonds are so strong, and why I can't feel that infatuation with him. In past relationships, I think that that was a lot of the missing factor with why I can't necessarily reach climax. If we were to start having sx, like... Right now? Yeah, right now. Don't get any ideas. Okay. No, I mean, I want to experience a very powerful, energetic intimate moment with you. 'Cause we already have such a powerful, energetic relationship. It is uncomfortable 'cause I've never really actually talked to a woman about those level of details. And that's not to say that something's wrong with her. It's just maybe she hasn't connected emotionally at all in past relationships. I'm very confident. I guess some people would say, "Here's a challenge," right? Here's something that I can do that no one else has done. So, hopefully, we can get to that point. I know that she loves me, and she knows that I love and care about her. It's important, as a couple, to talk about those things. Correct. Again, it's not like a forever thing. It's just a momentary thing, right? Yeah. I get it. Yeah. I get it. Yeah. I'm not gonna pressure you into anything. Mm-hmm. But, you know, when our time's right, our time's right. Let's have fun. Let's keep having fun. Tiffany! Hey, girl! I miss you! I missed you. I haven't seen you since... I know. How's everything been? We have so much to catch up on. I know. I know I look crazy, girl. I just left the dentist I just had, like, a root canal, so my mouth is kinda swole. So that's why I look kinda bummy. Well, hopefully, your mouth gets better. I know. I'm excited to talk to a real friend just about everything, and kind of dump on her for a little while about everything that's been going on in my engagement. I am nervous to how she's going to react 'cause I know Tiffany does not hold back. She will tell me all the truth and be very honest with me. That's why she's one of my best friends. So, what's been up? So, I know that I told you I was doing this, uh, dating experiment. Okay. Like... are you engaged? Oh, this right here? Yes. Actually, I was getting to that part. This is real life. Stop playing. Yes. So I connected with this guy named Cameron. I know it's crazy. I know it's crazy. Are you serious? Yes. Are you, like, punking me? I'm telling you the truth. He's very handsome. He's very smart. He is Caucasian. Mm. Okay. So... The swerve. Yes, you know, a little swirl. Swirly swirl. Wait. Here, let me take one, too, girl. This is a lot. Oh, my God. I still feel like I'm about to be punked or something. Give me your hand, btch. Don't tell me nothing else. Will you be in my bridal party? Sure. Yay! Well, this is a lot. Yeah. I don't know what to feel right now, like... Is this a great fit? Is this something that's like lust and not love? My biggest worry is that it's not true love. So what would you say, like, the biggest difference with dating... Since he, you know, is Caucasian, and you've dated mostly black guys? So what would you say is the biggest difference with dating between the two? Um... Ah! Besides that. Well, I wasn't even talking about that 'cause actually, he's very... Mm. Okay. No questions about that, honey. I was pleasantly surprised. Okay. Um... So, outside of that? Outside of that, I would just say the fact that he's Caucasian... It's not really a big deal to me, but I'm super black girl magic. Yeah, and with the times now. It's kinda crazy. And I'm very like, "The black struggle." Like, what are we gonna do? Black families. And I feel like, in my mind, I thought if I dated a white guy, I would have to tone down my blackness to be comfortable. Yeah, exactly. Right. With him, I don't have to do that. Like, I'm just straight me. But the whole thing that scares me is just the commitment of marriage is huge. So I guess that's where I'm torn in between. It's like the feeling of being happy and the side that's like, "What the fck are you doing? You're crazy. What are people going to think?" I know I asked for this, but now that it's here, I'm scared. That's where I'm at. Stressed the fck out. Lauren, Lauren, Lauren. I know. That's the same thing my mom said. I've waited all my life for this So bad, so bad So die if I don't get it Bad While we're cooking, I'm gonna have some guacamole and salsa. I feel like we're learning how to cook right now. I kind of am. I know how to cook certain things, but I mean I've never cooked steak on my own before, so... You nervous about anything right now? You think I scared your family as much as you thought I was going to? I don't think you scared my family at all, honestly. I think I was just being worried about things just 'cause I was worried. It's easier to worry about stuff when you don't know what's gonna happen. I mean, we had no idea how our families were going to react 'cause our families have never had to deal with this before, so we have no clue what to expect. And I think I was expecting the worst because... I assume the worst. I'm always scared to disappoint my family. I always feel like they aren't sure of me. I don't know why. What would have happened if they didn't like me, they told you they thought this was a terrible idea, and they're never going to agree with it. What would you have done? I don't know. Honestly, I don't know. I try not to worry too much about his family not liking me, but in the back of my mind, that is something that... could potentially be an issue for us. If the next time you see them without me and they say, "You know what? This is crazy. We don't think you guys belong together. We can never support this." What if they didn't want to come to the wedding? What if they didn't want to be there? How would you feel about that? What would you do? I wouldn't feel good about it. I wouldn't know what to do about it. Would you still marry me? I don't know. I'm always so worried about what they think because I've seen them not like people. And I'm afraid of that. And it's not an easy situation when you bring someone home that they don't approve or don't like. Okay. So here's the deal. I am the kind of person that I want you to back me up in front of your family, and if we get home, and you think I'm wrong, tell me I'm wrong in private. I think if there's ever an issue between us, I don't ever want other people to think that there are cracks in us. Whether there are or there aren't, it's none of their business. So what if there is an issue between me and somebody in your family? Can you manage that? Can you stand up to them to back me? She always says that blood's not always thicker than water. I have to be on her side, no matter what. But my family has always been there for me, and I do believe that it's important to have a wife that supports my relationship with my family. Whose side are you gonna be on? I don't know.