Loved ones gather while the remaining couples prepare to become husbands and wives. Who will say "I do," and who will leave the experiment alone? I'm Vanessa Lachey. I'm obviously Nick Lachey, her husband. Welcome to the blind love experiment. Hello, hello. Hello. Here, you will choose someone to marry without ever seeing them. Amber, will you marry me? Yes. Whoo! Once you're engaged, you'll finally get to see your fianc for the very first time. Oh, my God. And you're going to attempt to grow your emotional connection into a physical one. mthrfckr. Listen for two seconds. I have been listening. Dude, if I'm 24, I don't want to be having kids. Again, I'm not your average 24-year-old. You're like the first white guy I've dated. And in just four weeks, you'll be at your wedding. Will you say "I do" to the person you chose, sight unseen? Of course I do. Or are you going to walk away from them forever? Damian Powers, do you take Giannina Milady Gibelli to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, so long as you both shall live? I do not. Okay. Giannina... Okay. Okay. I do love you. Okay. Since day one, I... Mm-hmm. I've wanted this. I've wanted to marry you. I have... I've stayed consistent all the way through this. Okay. And... Okay. You have not. I can't handle the ups and downs... I understand. .. of you loving me one day, and saying you want to be friends the next. I did not. It would be selfish of me to marry you today, knowing as much as you tell me you're ready, I see that you're not. Just get me out of here. Giannina... How dare you? Get out of my face. G... Giannina. Please, please, leave me alone. Leave me the fck alone. I'm out of here. Get me out of here. I'm done. Giannina! Everything is sht. Uh-huh. Ideally, you would have said no and he would have said yes. Not the reverse, because this way it hurts more. I know. This shouldn't happen. Who does that? You should have said no, no? You should have said no, too. Don't cry. I'm okay. I'm okay. You almost fainted there. I almost died. Buddy. Stand up. You all right, man? What happened, buddy? She ran. She ran? That is the hardest thing I've ever done. I know. I could tell. I wanted to say yes. I wanted to. Even though she was all-in today, it was... It was one... It's one day she's been all-in, through everything we've been through. And I respect it, I love that. Like, it made me... I wasn't sure if she was going to say yes. And when she did, it melted my heart and broke it at the same time because... in that moment, I was like, "This isn't right," because she's saying yes, but everything she showed me, her actions, her words, everything otherwise said that she is not ready for marriage I feel like I just broke her heart. It sucks. But I need somebody that's all-in... every day. Not just some. I need to talk to him. Ay, Giannina. Yes. My heart... is literally in a million pieces. I was hurt. Hurt. I want to punch him in the face. But right now, I'm going to figure out why this happened to me. I'm so sorry. You couldn't have told me? Like, for real? I didn't know. You didn't know? You didn't know? I almost said "I do." Okay. What the fck happened? What happened? Please, sit down. Let's talk. Apparently, that's the one thing that we can't do. So right now, we are going to talk. Please sit. In that moment, it was... beautiful. Everything you said was perfect. Everything felt so right. But that's one moment for the rest of my life. For the rest of our lives. That's such a beautiful excuse, darling. Because what you said up there was bullshit. How dare you? I'm sorry you took it like that. I... Um, you're sorry I took it like that. Listen, Damian, seriously. I didn't want to get my heart broken, so I pushed you away. Great. You kept coming back to me. Why did you keep coming back even though I was putting you down What's wrong with you? So why is it that all of this is blamed on me? This is the problem. You're making it about you. It's both of us that went through this. You literally blamed it all on me. I always treated you with kindness, even when I was in adversity, even when I was uncertain and I didn't know what I wanted. This is what you do. What? This is what you do. What? You don't realize what you say and how you say it. And you know what? Get out of my face, please. I'm not in your face, G. But what I'm telling you is you did that to me and you said yes. You blamed everything on me, and all I did was tell you how I felt, and I wanted to work everything out with you. G... I wanted to work it out so bad. This is you running... So bad! ...and I'm trying to talk to you right now. What I am asking you is not to run. I love you. I'm in love with you, and I always will be. And I know what happened today was embarrassing and you'll never forgive me for it. And I'm sorry. You messed up. Honestly... that was such bullshit. You can take your bow back. I told the woman I loved "I do not" at the altar. And I broke both of our hearts in that moment. But if you ask me, "Is love blind," the answer is simple. Love is blind. No matter where we end up or where we go, this was mine and Giannina's love story. This is how it goes. I can't say it's over. We may need time apart. But it doesn't mean we won't be part of each other's lives again. I would like to think so, anyways. The morning of my wedding is a disaster. My fianc is having cold feet. I got a text from Barnett. He's... He's freaking out. Which obviously doesn't put me at ease. And I asked, "What's on your mind? What's wrong? Are you getting cold feet?" And he said, "Yeah." So I tried to call him. And he didn't answer. So I tried to call him again, he didn't answer. It's not exactly, uh... reassuring. I don't know what else I can do. Strings all choked with rust Can't play that sweet song anymore Haunted by a memory Today is my wedding day, and I'm... I'm kind of having a little bit of a... a freak-out. I woke up this morning with this giant pit in my stomach, basically, and it was like... my whole life before this point flashed before my eyes. I took a shower and I started tearing up in the shower just because it was so much. But I built that emotional connection with Amber. I did fall in love with her in the pods, but if I'm going to spend the rest of my life with this person, I want to make sure that it's going to be someone that I am going to be happy with forever. You have makeup credit card debt? I do. Oh, and there's my student debt from where I never graduated college. I don't want you to be jumping into something because of... how you guys met. Are you willing to give up everything for this person? Everything? So, what if there is an issue between me and somebody in your family? Can you manage that? Can you stand up to them? Whose side are you going to be on? I don't know. It's the biggest decision of my life. I'm not sure what I'm going to do yet. But it's so freaking difficult. Oh God-dang it. Aww. Try to get back on my feet But every single time I do I can't get my heart to be straight 'Cause my heart has been removed How can I put me back together How can I fix this open wound Oh, my gosh. Wow. Are you excited, you nervous? What? All of the above. Barnett's freaking out about the wedding, and instead of talking to me he clams up, and that's hard. And normally it's something that I can... I know that I have to deal with, because that's who he is. He's not... An open person. He's not a huge talker about it. He doesn't talk about his feelings a lot. And that's something that, even when we started dating in the pods, that was something I was, working on really hard. So what made him be the one, Amber? I felt like the very first time we ever talked, I felt like he could be my best friend. Magical things happen on wedding days, you know. I need all the magic today. I love you. I know. I love Barnett an indescribable amount, and I'm just ready. I just want to be living day-to-day life. Like, I'm ready to have my best friend that I can share my life with. I knew from the get-go, from our very first meeting. Do you want kids, Barnett? Do I have kids? Wait, do you have kids? That's a question, too. Not that I know of. No, I'm kidding. My favorite was Barnett. He made me laugh so much. Hi. Hello. Hi. Hi. Oh, God. Oh, my God. Wow. Hi. Holy sht. Hello. Hi. Hi. We're just a little bit different. Different enough that it works. You complete me. With everything that we have... been through already, I guess I'd say my biggest fear about this is that I get down the aisle and... Matt still isn't sure. All right. Oh, my gosh. Ready? Uh, no. Getting there? Yeah, me neither. I love you. Stop crying. You're my baby, Amber. Mom. I'm sorry. I love you so much. Don't cry. Mm. Well, let's get you married, my girl. Oof. They should be here. We've been sitting here for an hour and a half. Oh, Lord. Ready? Yes. Oh, gosh. This is a commitment. This is the big moment of your life. I love you. Love you, Mom. Ladies and gentlemen, the groom and his beautiful mother. Slow down. Slow down. Geez. I'm not crying. It's hot in here. Oh, gosh. My little girl, all grown up. Now remember, no matter what, something worth having is something worth fighting for. I know. And you never give up. I've been fighting for this since day one. The moment has arrived. Would you please stand in honor of the bride? Okay? I guess. You're not supposed to have to fight for it all the time. I told you that, too. Make up your mind, woman. It is supposed to be there naturally, Amber Lynn. It was there naturally. Okay. Would you make up your mind what you want me to do? You said if it's worth having, fight for it. You said you shouldn't have to fight for it. I did both. I found both. It was there naturally, and I did have to fight for it. Well, I wish you luck. Thank you. Please be seated. Who presents this bride to be wed? I do. Thank you. Amber and Matthew, you chose to get engaged and spend the rest of your life together based on an incredible emotional connection. You fell in love with who each of you are on the inside, and you decided to get married before ever seeing one another. Amber, if you will please share your thoughts. Never... have I ever in my life met a man that irks my nerves like you do. I found my love of a lifetime. That's all I got. You're going to mess up my makeup. I never thought that this would ever happen. I never came into this thinking that I would find anyone like you. You are amazing, you're beautiful, inside and out. So... Amber and Matthew, you stand together in the presence of God to decide whether or not to face life together as husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever. Now is the time to decide if love is blind. Amber, do you take Matthew to be your lawfully wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, as long as you both shall live? The fact that, even when you're making me crazy, I still am so in love with you I can't help myself. I do. I will. Absolutely. All right. Yes. You have become so much more than I expected. And I'm excited that you get to keep becoming more with me. Matthew, do you take Amber to be your lawfully wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, as long as you both shall live? Hold me now I'm slipping on candlelight Hold me now As we walk into the night Oh, I do. A hundred percent. I can't... I can't imagine a life without you. Good, because you are stuck. I now pronounce you married! Mm. Mm. Uh-uh. Whoo! I love you. I love you. Whoo! Ladies and gentlemen, the bride and groom! Love you. Love you. Oh, yeah. Hey, guess what. What? You're my husband. I think you have my last name now, so... I, um... We're going to make that happen. Amber Barnett. Doesn't sound as good now. You know... I'm kidding! Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. I could never have imagined that this experiment was gonna end this way for me. It's unreal that Kelly is going to be my wife. Honestly, I had given up hope and given up thinking about, like, the idea of even being married, just because I couldn't find that right person. I know that I need to be with you, and you're exactly the person that I've been looking for. And I want to ask you, Kelly Marie... will you marry me? I will. Yes. I love you today, and that love will remain, but I can't wait to learn to love you even more. I love you too. How you doing? Hi. Oh, my God! I'm a big, big believer in serendipity, and this is one of those serendipitous moments, and everything is just so clear. That's where I feel right now. Just happiness. Heyo. Yo. What's up, man? What's going on? Bossman. Good to see you. I love the 'stache. Thank you, thank you. What's up? Good. I fell in love with Kelly, sight unseen because we were both honest with each other. I learned who she is, truly. This is a big moment, wedding day. A little... A little surreal. That's an understatement of a lifetime. Yeah. She's genuine, she's ambitious, she's passionate, and she's the woman that I want to spend the rest of my life with. Fellas, you guys want to check out the suits you'll be wearing? Let's do it. That I picked out for you guys? Oh, this is so pretty. We tend to fantasize our fairy-tale weddings and our fairy-tale Prince Charming, you know. Hi. Hi. Yay! Yay! Oh, hi, honey. Oh, hi. You know... I love you. I love Kenny. He's absolutely perfect. Hi, honey. Hi. But I am nervous because I don't know if I am, like, 100% in love with him. Did you learn a lot about yourself? I did, yeah. What did you learn? I mean, I knew that I... was capable of loving someone for their personality, of course. Um... Would you have talked to him if you saw him before? No, I probably wouldn't have. The love that I had for my ex-boyfriend... I mean, my mom has said this for years. She was like, "You were infatuated with him." I don't have that same crazy infatuation for Kenny, as I did with this man. We were able to make this commitment to each other, and then we haven't, you know, had sx yet. I know how I feel about it. Like, how do you feel about it? We are just so perfect on every level. Right. And I just, like, don't want to throw that in the mix just yet. That's why I keep saying I'm not in love with him, because if I was in love, I would have that infatuation, like... nothing else matters. But obviously I'm conflicted. Maybe what my whole definition of what "in love" is supposed to feel like is not right. You look beautiful. Thank you. You're welcome. I know there's, like, so much makeup on my face, but... You won't be able to tell. Yeah. So, how are you feeling about the wedding? I mean, I'm... you know, having the decision of, if I say "I do," and if I don't. Um... and, like, what life would look like in both of those extremes. Um, so, me saying "I do," I know that everything would be great, because our, our relationship is so solid. If I say "I don't," it's simply because we're not... It's not the right time. So I've, like, weighed both scenarios out. What are some of your cons? If I were to say "I do," and something were to happen, like, that's what the only, like, fear that I have is that... it doesn't work out. So you still have a little hesitancy going into it? Yeah, and it's like another thing I think of is this engagement has been so short-lived, it's like... But are we still in the, like... Are we just in a honeymoon phase? I do believe that we are both completely true to ourselves, and we're being very real. But even when you're real, you have a honeymoon phase. Right. And is it just happy and rainbows and butterflies right now because we haven't known each other that long, and we haven't had a relationship in a long time. Right. And it's just a beautiful thing that we've connected with someone, but in four months from now, are we still gonna be in that same... So it's the fear of the possibilities of it changing. Yeah. I just have to believe myself and listen to my heart. I feel excited for her and Kenny and everything going on, and I feel nervous for just how she feels. I do think she wants Kenny, but sometimes in life you get an opportunity and if you don't jump on it, sometimes you miss the boat. You know, I met Kenny briefly. He was, like, very intelligent. Confident, too. Funny... Mm-hmm. .. and well-spoken, and he seems very trustworthy. He's been one of the better, if not the best, so far, of the men that you've brought in. So, you know, just maybe when you're walking down the aisle, when you're looking at him, I'm sure, eye to eye... Yeah. ...that you recognize what the beauty of the relationship is with him and then kind of go through all of that, even in your mind because I know you don't know, and I don't know exactly what your decision is gonna be on the altar. Right. Because things can change from now to then. I want to see her smiling and happy every day, and this man, Kenny, becoming her husband, her spouse, and the man that she loves. I just hope that when she gets to altar she makes the decision that's right for her heart in this moment and knows that she is walking into a very good relationship. The risks, the great risks in life, you got to take that jump. Thank you. You're welcome. Give me a hug. I love you. Y'all been drinking? Yeah, we've been drinking a little bit. Come here, baby. I'm being responsible. Oh... How are you doing? A little anxious. You anxious? A little bit. So, how you doing? Is this your little journal? This is my journal, yeah. Just writing some notes, thoughts. So what are you thinking? In the past... Uh... I'm just excited. It's all positive things because it's just that next step for me and her to take and continue our journey together. The greatest advice I can give you is to ask God to let you see your spouse through His eyes. Yeah. It feels surreal to be the mother of a groom in a situation like this. I love that Kenny is getting married, and I'm excited because family is the most important thing to me, and I can see Kelly fitting into our family. So that makes me very happy. I'm so glad you're our son. You're good, Mom. My only son. I just want you to find somebody who loves you as much as I do. She does and I'm so thankful for it. That's what this has showed me. Well, you know it. Love you. I'm down here crying in basements. I know. Yeah. I need some wine. Hi, honey. Hi, I can take your bag. Thank you. Aww. You look pretty. So do you. You look beautiful. Thank you. Today, I am the mother of the bride. It's exciting. It's very exciting. It looks real pretty. Thank you. Thank you. Don't mess up your makeup. It looks gorgeous. You do. I don't want to cry. It's okay, you can cry. No, because you look too pretty. Don't cry. You're going to make me cry. But you're happy? And excited? Yeah. Okay. I'm okay. After I put my dress on and everything, it feels surreal. It does feel like that fairy tale that every little girl... imagined. Aww. These are so pretty. I love Kenny, and getting married to someone is a freaking big deal, and it is going to be emotional. I'm already preparing myself for that. All right. Here we go. Here we go. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ This time, this time There's no turning back Rise and fall And shine or faint to black We'll never give up We'll never give in It's now or never Are you in This time The last time I did this was 32 years ago. Walking down the aisle? With my dad. It's uh... It is nerve-wracking. His arm was vibrating the entire time. Am I vibrating? No, you're good. Yeah. You're good. I still feel this same love that I've had for Kelly this entire time. She is exactly the woman that I've been looking for. I mean, I feel certain about what I'm about to, you know, do. So above anything else, I'm just excited. Love you. I love you. Ready to walk? Yes, I'm ready. This time, this time There's no turning back It's now or never Are you in This time How's it going? Good. Hey. How y'all doing? I don't know if it's appropriate, but I'm gonna talk to you all either way. Nice to see you. Yeah, nice to finally... Nice to see you again. Nice to see you. Yeah. Are you okay? Yeah. Four glasses of champagne, I'm good. Oh, dear. Here it is... the land of no return. Kenny is extremely supportive, and he's my best friend, my confidant, my person. Having a partner to love for the rest of my life means... everything, and it's a very big commitment. And I am definitely not taking it lightly. So I'm just very anxious. Um, just want to let you know how proud I am of you. Thank you. I really am. I know, I know. I love you. I love you. Ladies and gentlemen, will you please rise for the bride? One night Changed my life forever Kelly's absolutely gorgeous. She's even more beautiful than I could have ever imagined and I am immensely happy. It was like, holy smokes, like, this is me and her. Moonlight, surrounded by the city Thank you, man. We fell in love, right there Do you remember? 'Cause I remember You still take my breath away You may be seated. Family and friends, we are gathered here today for something amazing holy matrimony. Marriage. Love is unpredictable, especially in these circumstances. The both of you fell in love and got engaged sight still unseen. It was all based on just your deep connection, your emotional connection that you guys made. It became clear in a short amount of time that Kenneth and Kelly found exactly what they were looking for. We fell in love, right there Do you remember? You know, not only did we meet um, by complete happenstance and to have thought that going into this experiment that we would be here right now is unbelievable and I know that everyone that is here, uh, for the most part, are blind supporters of you, and I want you to understand that. You know, we haven't had an opportunity to talk to the majority of people in this room, or for them to meet you, and for them to meet me, and it doesn't matter, right? Because we know what we've experienced. I have nothing but love for your family, that we have their support, and they're here for us, thick and thin, and the only thing that also matters is that I will always be here for you. No matter what. And I can't wait to be a continued part of your life. I'm going to cry. This experiment, um... I mean, it brought me to you, someone who is so fabulous in every single aspect. You know, and, and this has been a wild ride, and I am grateful that it has... been with you because you've been nothing but supportive, and I appreciate every single moment that I shared with you. And I love you. I know. Now is the time to decide if love is blind. Together in the presence of friends and family, we will discover if you will walk together in life as husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever. Kelly, do you take Kenneth to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, in sickness and in health, forsaking all others, committed only to him, so long as you both shall live? I absolutely adore you and love you. I love you. But I don't. I can't marry you. Um... and I hope that you can appreciate that and respect that decision of mine. Thank you. Obviously, this is just a whirlwind for everyone, and again, don't want to dive too deep into it, and delve... Because you take something that is so complex, and it is authentic, and it is real, but today is not our day. Um, but I love each and every one of y'all, and it's something that I'll cherish and be grateful for forever. God, I love this guy. Yeah. I know that wasn't easy for you, and mom and dad especially. It's okay. I had to be the one to say "I don't." That's not easy. I'm 33. I should know what the fck I want right now. Excuse my language, but I should know what I want. And I... And he's checking off every box, but my love... My, my feelings for him were not as intense as his apparently are for me. So, I really do love you. And I appreciate you being here. I love you, too. Yeah, me too. Some days it's hard To see If I was a fool You still wanna marry her in the future? I really can't answer that question now. And it's completely... You have to respect the fact that I'm telling you this. I don't know, and please stop recording this, because it's not... It's... That's wrong. What? What you're asking me. How you feel about Kelly? This is not about how I feel about Kelly. I'm not going to have things filmed. Please stop recording, Jimmy. We're not getting married. I don't know if we're going to maintain a relationship, and, quite honestly, it doesn't matter either way. But I'm not going to speak to that. So you don't know if you're going to stay with her? It doesn't matter. I'm not answering that. Just... it's very upsetting. It all fell down It all fell down It all fell It all fell down It all fell down It's my wedding day and I couldn't be happier. Six weeks ago, I was looking for the can't-eat, can't-sleep, over-the-fence, World Series-type of love, and I have it. I found full-blown love like I've never experienced before. You know, having Mark by my side, who is such an amazing incredible person... He's changed me for the better and that is why you marry someone. My eyes open wide My heart beats like a radio Gonna tear down the wall It's my wedding day. Wow. It's kind of... to say that. I was so sure from the first time I heard Jess' voice, I knew that she was the one. And, honestly, to have that kind of emotional connection with someone without ever even seeing them is the most amazing thing that's ever happened to me. I feel like I made the right decision. I couldn't imagine going through this with anybody else. How's the bump? So good. I like it. I like it a lot. It's perfect. It's not too much, but it's just enough. Yeah. You like it? Yeah, I like that. In just a few hours from now, we'll be walking down the aisle, exchanging vows, and I'm just ready. I'm more ready than ever. I couldn't have asked to be in this with anyone else. Jessica, you have my heart and there's nobody in this world that I would rather spend the rest of my life with. Will you marry me? Yes. Of course I will. I want to kiss you. I want to hug you. I love you. Oh, God. Today, has been, like, the most important day, I think, throughout this entire thing because I just feel you. We're finally being ourselves. Yeah. I'm definitely on the same page. You know, I felt much more closer to you right now than I have. You embody everything that I've ever wanted, and I realized that tonight. I love you, babe. Loves ya. Whoa! What up? What's up? What up? What's up, dude? My guys being here in support of my relationship with Jess... What's up, dude? What's up, bro? That to me means the world because I think, at first, we're worried about what they're gonna say, but when they support you, it's just... I couldn't be happier. Salud. Cheers! I'm glad you guys are here. Seriously. Hello. Hey. Look at you, pretty girl. Hi, beautiful. You look so good! And gorge. You guys look so pretty. You look beautiful. You look perfect. I feel like a bride today. Obviously, I've got the dress, and I feel all those little butterflies. Oh! All right. I think I've got a really good support system and I'm feeling great. I know that you've been hopeful that this is all going to work out and I actually admire that about you because I'm the type of person that's, like, if I don't know for sure something's going to happen, I shut it down and I keep myself out of it so I don't get hurt. So what are you hoping is going to happen today? You know, for me, what I hope... I'll start off with that. What I hope happens today is we say "I do." If she says "yes," I know I can be the man I need to be. She says "no," it's going to hurt. It's going to be... it's going to be painful, but I know where I stand, and no matter what has had happened, the ups, the downs, the hot, the cold, when I see her, it's still the same. She's my person. How are you? Um... Are you excited? I'm excited. Mm-hmm. I'm nervous too, but I'm excited. Mm-hmm. Mark is everything I've ever wanted. I definitely, wholeheartedly, fell in love more so than I've ever been, but the person I fell in love with in the pod, where it was so insulated and you were just having an emotional conversation and an emotional connection, was a totally different experience in the real world. I'm someone who wants kids. Dude, if I'm 24, I don't want to be having kids in, like, a year. You know? Like, that's, like... Look. ...very young. Just... It doesn't bother me. It doesn't scare me. I don't think the age matters. I think the thing for me is, like, my 20's were so amazing. With him, I'm, like, are you sure that you would want to give that up? I mean, that's a really prime time of your life. In the outside world, I would have never looked twice at Mark. I would have, you know, figured out his age or maybe that he was a fitness instructor, and that would be something maybe I wouldn't have been into. Usually, I am someone who runs before a commitment, but Mark has exceeded every expectation. Taking those vows, it's a huge commitment, and it's something I take very seriously. Hello. What's up? What's up, my baby? Hi. How are you, my love? I'm good. Yeah? You're ready? Yeah. Wow. Wow. Oh, God. Are you going to pass out? No, I'm not. If you are going to pass out, you have to let me know. It's crazy. I'm about to walk down the aisle. If Jess says... If Jess says "I do," I mean, that "yes" would mean the world. That's my woman. That's my little person who I fought for the entire time. But who knows? Maybe she still battling reality to the experience. And if she says no, it's going to hurt. It's going to be physically painful. Game time. No turning back now. Baby, I love you with all my heart. God bless you. I think he cares a lot for her, so I'm hoping that she feels the same. That's my best hope. I always put everything in God's hands. Everything happens for a reason. Let's run away. No, probably not. You and I. Come on. Ah, we're here now. Nope, we're good. You guys, please welcome your groom. Good luck. In the stillness of the night I see your face Connected by the stars Come on. I can still trace The spark I locked away Deep in the dark Hidden in the depths of my heart So that No one can ever put out The fire you bring The heavens still sing To hold you again Today, we celebrate love. You guys, please rise for the bride. Body and soul I'll never put out The fire you bring The heavens still sing Holding your flame fck. Painting my skies It's orbiting my mind And my desires In your black hole eyes I'm losing control You're pulling me in She's perfect. She's beautiful. But when I look at Jess, I don't see the external. I see her heart, I see her soul, I see everything. That's going to be my wife. I'll never let go I'll never be the same And I'll fly from heaven and hell We're not supposed to do that yet. Oh, sorry. We are gathered here to celebrate something very special, the joining together of two lives into holy matrimony, better known as marriage. Jessica and Mark, in this blind love experiment, you chose to get engaged and spend the rest of your lives together with someone you had not seen. True love grew, not from what you look like on the outside, but what you saw on the inside of each other. It's okay. Jessica, I want you to know that no matter what the ups, the downs, the highs, the lows, is that I've loved you from the first time that you said, "Hey," which is crazy to even say. I walked in that room and I knew that you were different from the rest. It's been, you know, a lot. I love that. Mark. Marky Mark. Thank you for putting me here. You've been my rock since day one, not just because you felt like home, but because you opened me up to new experiences, talking about things that I had never opened up about. And you really pushed me. You changed me for the better. Thank you for being so open, so consistent with me, and always being my biggest cheerleader. I love you. I love you. Jessica, Mark, this is the time to make a commitment to be husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever. Now's the time to decide if love is blind. Mark Anthony Cuevas, do you take Jessica Nicole Batten to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, in sickness and in health, so long as you both shall live? I do. This is your heart to break Yours to love Yours to love Jessica Nicole Batten, do you take Mark Anthony Cuevas to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, and keep him, in sickness and in health, so long as you both shall live? I love you. I cannot. I'm so proud of us for... getting through the ups and downs, but I don't think either one of us is ready to take this on, but I do want you to know that I do love you so very much, and I've always been truthful with you because I respect you so much as a man. And you always have a very special place in my heart. So embarrassing for her. I know, right? Oh, fck. All I want you to be is okay. Listen, listen. I don't... Like, I am going to be okay. That's all I need, baby. And I don't... I'm gonna be okay. I'm not... Whatever happens, like... Again, I'm going to be okay. Because that's all I have shown is strength throughout all of this, I am going to continue to be that. That's all I want. And I'm going to be okay. That's all I need to know. That you are going to be okay. I'm going to be fine, Mom. Because, you know... Me, I'm there for you. I know. Day and night. And we can talk and we can cry together because, as your mom, I feel... my heart, you know... My baby. I know I can make you Forget everything I know i can help you follow dreams So lost Crash into me So lost Having to say no to someone at the altar is not anything anyone ever wants to do, but I'm not walking out of here with reservations, with a wedding band on my finger. There's no way in hell. Like, I've been around the block, my parents are divorced, and I'm too much of a realist to take this big of a chance. I'm not going to do it. And I guess I'll apologize to whoever I need to apologize to, but I'm not going to apologize to myself because I'm not actually sorry. I'm going to be okay. Come on let's write a new story Time is our friend And life is our glory Come on let's write a new story Time is our friend And life is our glory Oh, my God. This is so pretty. Hi, I'm Lauren. Hi, Lauren. I'm Nat. So you guys are my glam team? Yes! Okay, get me together. Get me together, okay? I can't believe that I'm actually here, like, on this day, my wedding day. Oh, the dress. This is unreal. It is just crazy to think that, you know, a couple months ago, I was single. I was living the life. And the journey has just brought me here. Oh, my gosh. Cameron. Taking over every part In every inch of me All the world can see I let it show Before, I wasn't really that happy, to be honest. I think it was because I felt like I was missing you. Aww. This just feels like nothing that I've ever experienced because I've never had a man so, just, willing to... show me how much he loves me. I've finally found where I belong Mm. I'm holding on and I'm not letting go I never thought this day would come. I never thought, going into this experiment, that I would ever meet someone, let alone be standing here, ready to get married. How's it going? Good, buddy. Nice to see you. Thanks for coming down. Today is obviously one of the biggest days of my life, and the decision of whether or not to get married... I mean, it's going to change the whole trajectory of not just my life, but Lauren's life. Mother! Hey, sweetie! Hey, Mom! How are you? Good. Isn't this just wonderful? It is. Knowing Lauren, she'll try certain things just to see how it goes, but I can't say I'm totally confident because I've only seen them together for a couple hours, and this is an experiment, so... we'll see how it turns out. So, how do you feel? Nervous. I don't know. I never thought that I would see this day so soon. I feel a lot of different emotions right now. I mean, I'm happy, I'm excited. But, I mean, there's still a part of me that's very terrified. Even a little part of me that may feel a little unsure. Oh, really? Oh, Lauren. Don't cry. Cameron has made me feel unlike any man that I've ever known. We truly and honestly connected on levels so deep, but right now I'm still undecided. I think I won't really decide until the words actually come out of my mouth, and, regardless of what that decision is, I just hope that it's the best choice for me and Cameron. I felt so calm up until today, and now I'm starting to feel a little nervous. So what are you nervous about? I guess I'm just nervous about whether... she still wants to get married. Um, well, you already know that you're, like, the first white guy I've dated. Uh-huh. I want it to be your home. Yeah, you want me to live here with you? I do. I would love to. I do love my place. How would you feel if I kept it? Um, well... I don't know. Damn. The invitations just... make everything, like, you know... It's no turning back now. It's like, just pressure. We're getting married in not that much time. And, I mean, I still don't know completely what you're going to say. And I don't want to say a definite answer. I think that she's ready now, but... I don't know. I don't know for sure. Hi. Hi. Tiffany and Rachel! Hi. My bridesmaids are here. My good friend Tiffany... Look at this coat. ...and my first cousin Rachel. I love the fact that they're here to support me and my decision, no matter what it is, so that means a lot to me. La la la la love Don't need anything, but La la la la love Don't want anything, but All right, mom, you're good. Oh, all right. He looks like James Bond. Cameron Bond, right there. This is my way of... I guess... What? Yeah, I'm ready for a beer. This is crazy. I know. We were in Paris, living our best life. I know. Then I came home and got married. You just pop up like, "Hey, girl. Let's get something to eat." And she's like, "I'm engaged and I want you to be a bridesmaid." All within, eating the same... What was it? Salad? In the same bread. Yeah, like what the heck? In the same salad. This is crazy. Okay, Momma. Look at you! All right! Whose wedding is it, mine or yours? And she's coming in shrugging her shoulders. Yeah. Hi, everyone. Hey, Mom. Hi. Wow, they've got you in the wine cellar? How nice. How nice. Yeah. Oh, baby, how are you doing? Good, how are you, Mom? Mm, I don't even know. Can I say that? Yeah, you can say anything. I'm really happy that I'm getting some time with my mom. This is the hardest for her, and she feels like she's losing her baby boy. How are you feeling? Are you feeling okay about it? Not worried about anything? Let's just hope that she is still... still on board. You think she might not be? Uh... I mean, this is a crazy situation in many respects, so I don't think there'd be any shame if she said no or didn't, you know, whatever. Yeah. I wouldn't blame her. But you would be devastated. Of course I'd be devastated, yeah. Yeah. With Lauren, in no time at all, I knew I wanted to marry her, so if she were to say no, I don't know how long it would be until I would be all right again. Or if I would ever be all right again. I am taking a leap of faith. Even in the... you know, most sure situations, it is still a leap of faith. Yeah. Oh, boy. It's a big step. Did you ever think about me getting married? Um... No. You know, because you're still 12 in my mind. Yeah. You know. So, um, I'd like you to be 12 again. You know, I will always be your son. We love you. I love you too. We want the best for you, and I don't want your heart to be broken. I know. Okay, how does that feel? Oh, my God. Feels tight. Tight? I mean, but that's good I guess. Oh, my God. You look so pretty. Thank you. Okay, Mom. That fits like a glove. It does. This is it. Okay. I'm in the dress now. No turning back. Are your knees, like, knocking? My heart is like beating real hard. The thought of... me being a married woman, like, within the next hour gives me crazy anxiety. This is a wonderful, beautiful day, and we are so truly blessed, and we pray that our life, Lauren's life, and Cameron's life will come together as one. I'm trying so hard to figure it out Everything just seems so heavy now You know, it's a lifelong commitment, and I don't think that it's anything to play with, and I take it very seriously. Daddy! Hi, baby. Hi, Daddy. Don't cry. You look beautiful. You look beautiful. Look at you. Look at my baby. I'm so thankful I can stand here and see you like this. You look absolutely beautiful. Thank you, Daddy. She's my princess still, and I guess when you have those moments, when you think about one day, she's going to grow up, and get married, and have a husband, and that day comes when you have to walk down the aisle, and let her go, let her go into the world. So, you know, a little nervous, a little excited, and a little just plain scared. Needless to say, I've loved you since you've been in this world. From the moment I looked at you when you were born. Since you've been in this world, you know, we've been like this. My dad is a huge focal point in my life. He's so loving, so it's definitely a sigh of relief to have my dad here to support me. I'm sorry. It's okay, Daddy. I'm trying. I'm really trying. I know. You're not losing me. Well, you're still my daughter. But you're gonna be this man's wife. Just let me in every time I knock, that's all. I love you so much. I love you too, Daddy. I love you so much. I love you, honey. I love you, Mom. In just moments now, I'm going to go to the altar, Lauren's going to walk down that aisle, and she's either going to say yes and we're going to spend the rest of our lives together as husband and wife, or... maybe she'll say no, and that might be the end. My anxiety is just through the roof. I am about to make the biggest decision of my life. I mean, am I going to marry this man who I have fallen in love with only six weeks ago, or am I going to walk away to follow my own comfort and things that I know? This is the moment that every little girl dreams of. Like, I'm here in this dress preparing to walk down the aisle. This is all very real. I love you, sweetheart. I love you too, Daddy. He's a lucky man. Please stand as we bring in our beautiful bride. Love you, sweetheart. Love you, too. Who gives this woman to be married to this man? I do. You look amazing. Thank you. Every day that we've spent together has been a blessing to me. There's so much I love about you. I'm sorry I'm crying, but... It's okay. I have been crying all day. You made me want to be a better man, and you have everything that I need in a partner. I feel very blessed to have you in my life. That's beautiful. Cameron, I love that you... make me feel comfortable being fully myself. No matter how flawed, goofy, or broken I may have been. I'm thankful for our time together and how happy our moments are. I've never had a man love me as purely and selflessly as you have. I'm grateful for the things that have made me uncomfortable and forced me to grow. Nice. I'm grateful for you. Mine's more short, but I meant it, damn it, I meant... I'm sorry. Pastor, I didn't mean to curse. I didn't mean to curse, Lord, Jesus. Okay. Lauren and Cameron... ...now is the time to decide if love is truly blind. Your love developed in an untraditional way, based on an intense emotional connection. Looks, money, age, and race that might be important to some people was not a factor for you two. And now today, you stand together in the presence of your family, your friends, and almighty God to decide if love is blind, and whether or not to face life together as husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever. Cameron Reid Hamilton, do you take Lauren Michelle Speed to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, so long as you both shall live? I do. The love that I have for you is so strong that it's overwhelming sometimes. Being with you makes me feel thankful. Oh. Lauren Michelle Speed, do you take Cameron Reid Hamilton to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, so long as you both shall live? I do. Lauren and Cameron, today, you guys have definitely proved that love is blind. Amen. You may now call yourself those cherished names of husband and wife. You may now kiss your bride. We're married. Yay! We made it. We made it. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my pleasure to introduce you for the first time as husband and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Cameron and Lauren Hamilton. Thank you, Mommy. Love you. Thank you. Oh. Oh, my God. We did it, babe. We did it. We're married. We're married. Unreal. It is. But it's definitely real. It's very real. Super real. I love you. I love you so much, baby. I promise I'm going to take care of you, baby. I know you will, baby. You know what? I don't think that I ever could have met someone like Cameron any other way. I've been looking for Cameron for 30 years! Apparently, he was looking for me, too. I'm glad we finally found each other. Oh, hey! Hey, everybody! Oh, beautiful. You're beautiful. This is my husband, Cameron. It's my gorgeous wife, Lauren. Oh! Amazing woman. I've been searching And looking And wishing And dreaming She has everything that I've always dreamed about in a partner. She's charismatic, but she's down-to-earth. She's confident, but she's also humble. She's intelligent. She's kind. I'm just so thankful that we got to meet each other through this albeit unorthodox method. Finally mine I fell in love with Lauren without ever having seen her. Finally mine It's amazing to say Lauren is my wife. I'm happy I locked it down. I absolutely believe that love is blind. Six weeks ago, I was extremely hopeful. I had an open mind, but I can say honestly I did not expect for things to go this far. I mean, that was my hope and dream, but this is bigger than anything I could have ever imagined. You know, I'm just grateful for everything. This experience and experiment truly changed my life. Finally... Mine Remember when we used to dream I came into this hoping to find someone that loves me for what's on the inside. Even though Jessica and I did not get married, I strongly believe that love is blind because I made that commitment to propose through just an emotional connection. I think if she had remembered that, I think we would have been all right. But they'd never shoot across the sky For your and I So we kept our wish inside When I was in the pods, I was in my feelings so much that the outside world didn't exist to me. I grew so much. I challenged myself. I got so far out of my comfort zone. And I connected with someone so deep, I could have never imagined. But I couldn't translate that from pod to real life. For some people, love might be blind. But for me, it's definitely not. It's a mixture of... mind, body, and soul, and I never got there. So that's really hard. Baby we can't change the past Erase the scars That hold together a broken heart I believe that soulmates can come and go into your life, that they're not always there forever. Um, you learn lessons from people that touch your soul in so many different ways, but in the end, making the right decision for you is the right decision for everybody. Or we could try We could try for a better way So we won't cry We won't cry for our yesterdays You sit and you want to have a pity party. There's no pity party because I have ultimate control. There's more nice people than there are bad. So yeah, like, I will have my day, and I'll be with that person I need to be with, but today is not that day. We could cry We could cry for our yesterday Or we could try We could try for a better way I never thought that I would find my soulmate in a dark room. I don't regret anything. I'm mourning, but from the ashes comes... the phoenix. Or we could try We could try for a better way Today, I couldn't give that one moment of greatness for a lifetime of uncertainty. I was hoping to find that with G. It hurts, walking away from this, but I will always love you, G. I'll always love you. Mr. and Mrs. Barnett! It was a relief to see that he was actually at the end of the aisle waiting for me. I was really happy I wasn't going to spend the rest of my life in jail. Considering, where I was in life right before I came into this experience, I would never in a million years have guessed that I would be in a wedding gown right now with a ring on my finger and a whole new last name. I wouldn't have believed it. Uh... Was that right? Here you go. No regrets. Not today. Maybe... we'll see. We'll see down the road. I'm just kidding. You and I, we'll be fine We belong together Six weeks ago, I was hopeful, but skeptical of this experiment, and now I'm a full-on believer. I'm beyond elated. And that's it. I'm off the market, baby. The fact that Cameron and I found each other without ever even seeing each other, it's like what we saw was each other's soul, and that's the most beautiful thing that I've ever experienced in my life. You and I, we'll be fine We belong together