One couple's rough night leads to an explosive conversation. Others learn they arent alone in Mexico. What will happen when old flames reunite? Wake up I don't wanna wake up I wanna spend our whole life In this new life Did you sleep okay? Mm-hmm. I'm gonna wake you up. Yeah? Yeah. Did you sleep okay? I did. I can get used to this. Mm. Mm. I could get used to that, too. Mm-hmm? Yeah. Yeah, you can get used to that. Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah. Last night was fun. Yeah, it definitely was. My first night with my fianc. The physical attraction is definitely there between Kenny and I. I mean, it's, it's on par with the emotional connection, if not more. Did I fall asleep snuggling with you? Mm-hmm. Yeah, well, I was... Did I roll... Did I do a tuck and roll? At some point. At some point you did. I can't tell you when it was, but yeah. So, um, I was scratching your back... Oh. ...just because you were having a hard time getting to bed. Yeah. Thank you. Mm-hmm. First night was wonderful. It was absolutely wonderful. I learned, learned that Kelly really, really likes kissing me and I'm okay with it 'cause I really like kissing her, too. Physical attraction is actually exceeding the emotional connection that we've had. What do you want to do today? Pool. Beach. We can do anything. Anything? Yeah. Hey, there's so many adventures we can go on, though, right? Yeah? Yeah. We've only known each other, you know, 10 days, really, and it's incredible how the bond can even be that strong. But, I don't want to, like, rush into having sx and, like, I just want to, like, hold each other and snuggle and give each other sweet kisses, and I feel like that makes it even that much more impactful. Like, maybe when the day does come. You wanna go start getting ready? Yeah. Okay. You wanna go to the beach today? Yeah. Okay. I mean, I've wanted someone like him for a long time. So, yes, I can believe that this is someone I'm going to be spending the rest of my life with. It's just so wild. Say you love me Won't you say you love You were snoring louder than I was. I was not snoring. You're so full of it. Get out of here. The bathtub was all right. We probably spent more time in the shower than we did in the bathtub. Is it inappropriate to put it in a pre-nup that you want sx every day? Is that too much? I'm thinking of making that a thing. Every day. Maybe twice. I wasn't there? Okay, so literally, one time I woke up, and you... Just once? You were only woken up once? One time, you were holding your hands like you were accepting an award. You were making a speech about, like, "I want to thank everybody." I was like, "What the fck is going on?" Was I talking in my sleep? Yes. Just a couple weeks ago, I was still in the dating game. I was still trying to figure out, and find what and who it was I was looking for and... Man, I guess the idea that I not only found something, but found something so serious. It's a little intense. It's... It's insane. That's scary. It was like 130 in the morning. I was like, "What is happening?" Two weeks ago, I had no idea who this Amber chick was. I feel like we've known each other for... at least a couple years. We're just comfortable around each other. And... in a few weeks, she's going to be my wife. I'm going to be a married man unless I scare her away. Let's hope not. But, man, am I tired! Hi. Good morning. Mm. How are you? Good. You sleep good? Yeah. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah? I'm exhausted. Mm. I like waking up next to you. I think that's a mutual thing. Yeah? Yeah. I want to get massages today. You want to get massages today? Yeah, I do. So, our first night in Mexico, I tore his clothes off. And he made love to me. You're not going to let me go, are you? In the sweetest way possible, he's like, "I won't do anything you don't want to do." I'm like, "I want to do it. Just get out of my way and come here." So beautiful. I love counting how many times you've said that. That's a lot. It's gonna be a lot more. Okay. I'll take it. Being in the suite on our first night... It was beautiful. Undescribable. It didn't seem real. It seemed literally like something out of a fairy tale. Something out of a movie. And then we ended up making love. You are strong. Yes. I am stronger. You can't really get any better than Damian Powers. I love him, and he fell in love with exactly the way that I am. OK. Let's see who's stronger. Good morning, darling. Good morning. I love waking up next to you. I know. It's like waking up from a dream to a dream. Oh, you say all the right stuff. Bonnet included, right? I love your bonnet. It looks kind of like, uh... a beret. A beret? Yeah. Like, a French beret? Yeah. I kinda like that. I can dig that. My beret bonnet. Yeah. So classy. Thank you. I try to be, you know. Even in my slumber, I try to be a classy dame. Being a black woman, it's very important that I wrap and take care of my hair at night. And sometimes the bonnet is not always the sexiest accessory. I'm not sure if he has experienced that before, but I know he loves me for me. Oh, man. Last night was magical. I can't keep my hands off of you. It's that physical connection. I'm a gentleman, I'm not going to talk about whether Lauren and I had sx. Cameron and I stayed up pretty late... just enjoying each other's company, you know? Talking... That's just between her and I. ...and stuff. So that's how it's going to stay. There was some Netflixing and chilling. A lot of deep diving. Morning. Good morning. Wake up! No! Wake up. I was sleeping so good. Waking up with Jessica is... honestly surreal. It's everything. I woke up and I just looked at her and I just... I was happy. I'm shocked about how comfortable we are, but then again, I'm not shocked how fast it's been, because we're honestly the same person. You know, we both are ambitious, and outgoing and energetic. I feel like I've known her forever. A couple things that were really good that happened last night one, you don't snore and you don't sweat. Those are two of my pet peeves. But... Phew! So, we could potentially be in the cuddle zone. Okay. But I'm still... getting used to, and comfortable with, like, us in the flesh, which is so weird. Um, I feel like when you're in the pods, you just... get used to... a voice. I mean right now we could build a pillow barrier then we could talk as if we're in the pods if you want. Oh, we could do that? Okay, that would be excellent. I am a physical person. I am very, very... Like, I guess the Hispanic in me, the Latin in me, the romance comes out. But Jessica and I decided to wait to hv sx, or anything, or be physical, um, because I think that if I take my time with this and really build that foundation that we've already built, like a stack on top of it, then I feel that this relationship will last for a lifetime. You pictured that, didn't you? I did. I was like, "Back in the pod!" In Mexico, we're still totally without outside influence. No social media, you know, no devices whatsoever. And we'll just get to focus on each other and finally get to take all the emotional connection that we've created and also add in the physical. I know we're going to have a lot of challenges in the real world, but I wouldn't change anything about him. At the end of this, I really hope that we'll be walking down the aisle, exchanging vows, and we'll be married. Let's go to the beach! Ugh. We need to order some food. When Carlton told me about his sexuality, I was shocked. I just knew that I needed to think, I needed to pray, I needed to just sleep in my own room. I haven't fully opened up. What... What is it that you want to open up to me about? In the past... I have dated both genders. I fckng hate this. Like... fck! I actually made a connection with Carlton in a deep way. We talked about everything under the sun. He made me feel like a special person and I hope I did, too. But now I can't even say that everything he was saying was real. I still have a connection for Carlton. I do. That will never change how I feel about Carlton. I just... I need to talk to him. I really do. Last night... was very tough for me. Now, all I can do is wait and see what Diamond says. I care about her, but I understand that it's a lot for anyone to take in. At the end of the day, all I can do is live my truth and do what's best for me. It'll be exciting, huh? Yeah. You talked me into it. Well, I mean, you've never had a massage before. That's right. How have you never had a massage before? I have a feeling I'll be giving them for a very long time now. You're gonna learn today. Gonna learn today. It's crazy 'cause we feel like we've been together so much longer than we have, and the connection is so much stronger than either one of us have ever had with anyone. Your eyes are blue like the ocean. Like the sky. We came into this... as individuals, separate and... we woke up this morning together. I love her very much. So, you want to start here? That's correct. I can see that in the stillness The only one who's standing there is you I'm so excited to share new adventures and the rest of my life with her. Go through the spinal, then back. I can't believe I'm here with him. I'm happy. I don't believe in luck or coincidence, but I feel like the luckiest girl in the world. The whole wide world. Got the bag in my left hand, got my babe on my right. Yeah. Yeah. Big time. Makes me feel special. So, thank you. Big time. Big time. Walking on the beach holding hands with Kenny feels amazing. Being with Kenny physically does enhance the love that I'm feeling. Now I get to hold him, and feel his heartbeat... at my head because I'm short and that's where it lands. Okay. You might have a sunscreen handprint on your body at some point today. Yeah? That's good. Yeah? Yes. Okay, then. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Kelly is the most genuine person. She just exceeds any expectation I had of a perfect, you know, soulmate, and a perfect wife. Being with her physically adds a different dynamic to the love that Kelly and I already had. At this point, it's like we really don't have anything to fear. Kenny is probably, if not the best kisser, one of the best kissers that I've ever had. He does all the things right. Scale of one to ten on how good Kenny kisses, I would say... Ten plus. So like a 15. Twenty. Here. Yup. There you go. That actually probably feels good. Yeah. Yeah. I like the fact that I have to bend down. So, like, meeting her in the middle is literally like me getting close to throwing my back out. It's awesome. And it's a constant reminder that I need to stretch. Okay. Yeah. It's like a waterfall. Yeah. More. All right, ready to hold... Yeah. Yeah. Some vino? Do you want me to pour some for you? Are we drinking out of the bottle? I'm down if you're down. I mean, I ain't fancy. I love watching you struggle. It's so cute. I'm doing good, all right? You are. No, you are. You get it all the way in, and you turn it one really hard turn to the right. Good job. Very smooth. I have never left the country. Much less left the country with a fianc and... gottten to stay at one of the most beautiful, romantic places I've ever been in my life. Can we make this a monthly thing? Can you make me a picnic? We can picnic. Once a month? Is this vegan? No, vegan doesn't eat cheese, right? What's the one that doesn't eat plants either, 'cause... I don't know. Screw that, though. What are you supposed to eat, then? Just sit in the sun, absorb sunlight. People that just photosynthesize. Oh, my God. It's raining. It's raining. You know what they say, if it rains on your first date, then you're good to go. You're supposed to dance in it. You gonna dance with me? Yeah, but only bumping and grinding. Getting engaged has always been something that scared me. I don't know how to dance, really. Like this? I mean, we're getting married in a few weeks. That's scary and the possibility that, you know, she could just have doubts and say no. Mm, I've got no moves. Just turn in circles and circles. I'm too distracted by kissing you. I hope we do make it to, you know... the 50-year mark. The anniversaries and... Yeah, I mean, that's the goal of every marriage, isn't it? Honestly, I don't see it crashing and burning, but you don't get married unless you're gonna spend your life with them, so I hope that's the outcome here. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ I'm feelin' it now You ain't gonna bring me down There's no stopping Running faster Mm. Mm. Ever after all It's so pretty. It makes me happy just being, like, on the beach and hearing the waves crash. And... Like, I'd definitely like to do the whole tropical thing. You know, I used to be so scared of the ocean and we'd go to the beach all the time. And, you know, I think I was seven years old and we were in Mexico... Funny, now that we're here. ...and the ocean always scared me. Finally, I tried to face my fears, I'm in there and the first thing that happens is a wave just carries my feet from underneath me and I just start spinning and falling, and my mom had to come drag me out. I'm just like... sitting there, this is how it ends. This is how it ends. This is how it ends. No, totally! But I'm thankful I did it because now I'm not scared of the ocean. That's awesome. I need someone like that who... Like, you can put yourself out there and... I mean, this whole thing is about putting ourselves out there. It's a balance, you know? Like, coming into this, I didn't really know what a relationship should be like. And now I do. Like now, getting to know someone, who they really are, I haven't done that in a really long time. Looking back, it's always been based on... social settings or social status, or you're in this place in life. Yeah. I'm in this place in life and now it's just totally changed my mind. It's so crazy to find someone that... mentally, is there. You're everything that I've ever wanted and from the first time I talked to you, the energy, the laugh, the voice, the Chicago, everything, it was... everything. And it's deeper than that. It's deeper than anyone could ever understand. I just worry about your parents. Your parents is probably the biggest thing. They could be the coolest people in the world, but if I'm a mom and I know womanhood and, like, when you're a 24-year-old woman and you're a 34-year-old woman, that's two different things. And, like, I know the relationship you have with your mom, and I know she's super protective over you. So I'm just ready for anything, like... I get her concerns about my family, you know, her being 10 years older than me and my mom being able to accept her but my mom's going to love you no matter what, because my mom loves me and my mom loves whoever I'm in love with and if I need to keep reassuring her, then I'll keep reassuring her because... That's my job because I care about her. We'll take everything day by day, everything in stride. Mm-hmm. And we're going to figure it out. All that other sht doesn't matter to me. All that sht about age, all that sht about where we are, all that sht, like... It doesn't matter to me. I'm not scared to have these conversations, but I know we have to have them. I agree. I'm not worried about other people's opinions, or other people's things. It's me and you. All right? Salud. So, one more cheers. To doing new things. Facing your fears. And for me being your biggest cheerleader. Cheers, to Mexico. Love you. So happy to be here with you. I'm very excited to be here with Lauren. In my past relationships, I wasn't happy. You need your partner to show you respect and show you that they care about you. No one should be in a relationship where they don't get that. But, now being with her... I'm happy. She puts me at ease and makes me feel comfortable with how... crazy fast everything is going. We're going to take over the world. Mm-hmm. Bonnie and Clyde style. Minus the shoot-up. Yeah. We gotta always remember that part. Always. Minus the shoot-up. But, uh... But I... feel more motivated than ever. Before, I wasn't... really that happy, to be honest. Mm-hmm. I think it was because I felt like I was missing you. And... now that I have you, it motivates me to just want to make sure our lives... are taken care of. Aww. That makes me happy. I've had maybe about... two solid boyfriends. I went through a phase where I didn't trust men, you know, I thought they were all dogs. But I think that Cameron is different. I would have never met a man like Cameron without this experiment. I don't know that I've ever felt happiness like this. We really won't have to take a honeymoon after this. I know, this is our honeymoon. Like, seriously. Yeah. Just great. Does anything stick out in your mind in regards to, like, planning the wedding? Making sure that... we can get all of our friends and family there that we can. You have to meet my dad. I'm excited. Me too. I mean, it's like... I'm excited too. Why do you say it like that? It's gonna be fun. I just know he's protective, that's all. And, like, my dad has never met any of my boyfriends. Yeah, well, I'm not your boyfriend. I know, but that's what makes it that much more intense. Like, "Hey, Dad, here's my fianc." Is there anything you're concerned about? Um, well, you already know that you're the first white guy I've dated. Uh-huh. He's going to grill you. That's fine. With Cameron, I fell in love with who he was on the inside. So, I didn't know if he was black, white, Asian, Puerto Rican, uh... I didn't know what he was. I guess that gives me comfort and everything, the fact that I love who he is, but I'm nervous as to how my dad will react. It's a lot of news in a short period of time. I mean, my dad grew up in an area that was quite different, so, for him... It is... Yeah. I think our generation is more understanding. Of course, when we have children, or if and when, I mean, I definitely want to. Yeah. But I know that the world is going to perceive them as black Yeah. And... you know, I know that that's... It's going to make their lives harder in some way. Yeah. But I think I trust you and I to raise them in the right way. Absolutely. It's kind of crazy that Cameron and I are actually discussing having kids 'cause at this point we've only known each other for about two weeks. If that. But it just feels natural. It feels organic. It feels like I'm talking to my partner about something that's very real. Even outside of... what color they are, they're just going to be great people. Yeah. They'll have two parents who love them. Yeah. One that's white. One is black and fine as hell. My heart feels like it's split into two. On one hand, I feel like... I feel blindsided. I feel like... Was this really true love? Is this real? But then on the other hand, this is somebody that I know that I want to be with because I have built a relationship and a foundation with him, that I've never had before. I love Carlton. I hope that it's going to be okay. It's going to work itself out. But I do know that I need to talk to him. I need to see him. I need to get some things off my chest. Hola! Hola! Como estas? I can only answer in French. Comme ci comme a. "So so." Okay. How you feeling? I feel good. You look good. You, too. I like your shoes. Oh! It's warm, right? Thank you. How you doing? How are you feeling? I'm glad I get to see you again. Yeah. I feel like I'm physically in paradise, but not mentally there. Where you at, mentally? I mean... It's a lot going through my mind. Mm-hmm. I feel like I kept it real for you since day one. Mm-hmm. I personally feel that you left out who you really are. Like, I get how you feel. I get that you probably feel betrayed. I feel you kinda played the experiment, in a way. Mm-mm. I feel that. I feel that you weren't honest with me from the get-go. I felt that should've been established. I felt like I was honest. I wanted you to get to know me for me. Yeah. That's always been... But that is part of you, though. ...the strategy that has never... It's never been an issue with girls. It's, like.. It's never. Then why didn't you tell me in the beginning? Because in the beginning, you will pre-judge me. You said it's never been an issue with girls. Would you have really... If I had told you on the first date, would you have given me a chance? You wouldn't have. I'd rather you would have told me up in front. I would be able to make a better decision, or be able to say, "Okay, you know, I understand where you're coming from, but you know for sure you want to be with a female. This is how I personally feel, and how I slept on it. Last night, she was rubbing my back. She was like, "Give me a hug. "Let me talk to you, I'm here for you." And then today it's, like, all of a sudden you have an issue with it. Nah. Do you really think that I would be here if I didn't have real feelings? Like, just... Like what? For a trip? It's like... I don't know, whatever. Show your true colors. I've shown mine. No, you haven't shown your true colors, not from the beginning. But I did last night. But you waited all the way to nearly four weeks away from our wedding to show your true colors. Okay, cool. Oh, that's fine for you to do that? So, you wanna call it off? It's whatever you want at this point. You don't understand. You gave a response different from any I've ever gotten, and... You're so defensive with it, though. Because I'm not going subject myself to that. I have to be defensive. Nobody has fought for me. Nobody fought for me, either. But at the same time, I'm sitting here and talking to you about it. I don't have to talk to you about this. If you don't want to, you don't have to. But I want to. I wouldn't be here if I wouldn't, okay? So don't try to play the victim here. It's insulting me at this point. It's insulting you? So, this whole process is not insulting to me? I'm not here to disrespect you. You on some other sht I can't fck with. I'm on some real stuff. This is part of real life. I'm here to... have communication, open communication with you, and just communicate what is the problem and how to address it, not make matters worse. I'm okay with or without. So you don't care. No feelings about how you took me through this. I am okay with or without this situation. You know what? I ain't got time for this because you're having a bad attitude. Go ahead, throw it. Have your moment. This is not for you. You have your moment. Like, seriously, you're taking off your ring because I'm being honest with you. You'd rather a man lie to you about who he's been with or his past? Like, that's insane. I don't need that type of energy in my life. Have your moment. Poor guy. You can go. You can go, because you got some issues. I have issues because I'm telling my truth? Yes, you do. Serious issues. You're gonna disrespect me... No. You're typical. ...because you led me to believe that you really was into me. I do. No, you don't. Because if you did, you would have been here and told me from day one that... I know who I am. ..."Diamond, I am bisexual." I have a method. I don't have to disclose information that I'm not ready for somebody. You don't have to! Like, I have disclosed information to people too soon. You don't think that's misleading? And being called all types of names. We're about to walk down the aisle... Nobody has ever had an issue with it except you, and it was girls who wasn't even, like, remotely close to who you are. Well, I'm Diamond Jack. I'm not these other girls. I ain't fckng with you. I don't care if you not fckng with me. I gave you your ring back. I don't give a fck about a ring. fck a ring. fck a ring. This is why I don't deal with bitches like you. Oh, I'm a btch now. You done call me a btch in my face. I don't deal with women like you. fck you. fck you. fckr. You out your damn mind. Nah, fck like me. fck you. Bye. Good luck. Watch my ass to the next dck, boy. Watch your wig, 'cause it keeps sliding. It's been sliding since day one. Who the fck do you think I am? You ain't married to no average btch, boy! Peace out. Shut the fck up! fck! Oh, you so fckng... You're mad because I'm telling the truth. I have clearly realized that this is not the woman for me. She has proven herself to be ignorant. She has proven herself to be stereotypical. I feel betrayed just as much as she feels betrayed. So fck her. I don't give a fck at this point. I don't. Sinner run away You be on your way now I was literally about to walk down the aisle with someone that clearly I didn't know. And I feel like it shouldn't have got that way. I was really there just to talk to him and tell him how I felt. I was hoping he could be a man about it and talk to me, but no real man would act like that. So, it's a done deal with us. From this mad love Lord release us Oh these broken hearts We smashed to pieces I just wanna... I just want to get away from here. Yeah, I don't have nothing else to say. Besides that I'm going to get through this. I'm going to get through this. I'm going to make it through. Like I said, I'm built from a strong cloth, so I'm not going to allow this to stop anything for me. Yeah. That's all. Your bad love is trouble God knows we're in deep If hurt's gonna rain down Amen, so it be The romantic getaway definitely did not go as planned. I'm not the dude that she had it out with at the pool, I'm the dude that she fell in love with in the pods. I can't see my life without you. I love you. It's one of the happiest days of my life. Hi! Cause when it rains it pours I run into shut doors Everybody's leaving I feel like both of our hearts and who we truly were at the core and we truly are got overshadowed by assumption, defense and pride. I'm leaving here without my fiance. It's beautifully sad. I'm sad to say I am walking out the resort alone. I want to be married. I want to fall in love, but I didn't get that. When it rains It pours Hi! Yay! Hi, honey! Oh, my God! No way! Yeah! I was so surprised to see him! You know, we were ready for dinner and then all of the sudden we walk in. I'm just like, "Holy sht." Jesus Christ. These guys. Oh, my God. So I walked down the path and I head towards the beach and it looks like a little group or crowd of people. Then I see like Jessica throw up her arms like, "Hey!" I'm like, "Oh, sht. This is a setup." I'm excited to see everybody and see what the other guys actually look like. Not that I was looking, Cameron. I wasn't really looking. I was just... I was looking but I wasn't looking. Good to see you! Hi! Hello! Hi, everybody. Welcome. Are you guys all enjoying your romantic getaway? Yes! Amazing! Ladies, I know you recognize the other ladies here. And gentlemen, I know you recognize the other gentlemen here. Gentlemen, we want you to meet the ladies. And, ladies, we want you to meet the gentlemen that you did not propose to. Okay. Kenny and Kelly. Gigi and Damian. Jessica and Mark. Cameron and Lauren. And Amber and Barnett. Congratulations to all of you on your engagements! Oh my God, I didn't expect to see Barnett. He physically looks exactly like what I had thought. When I had fallen for Barnett, I would think about him around-the-clock. The moment he told me he had changed his mind. I could not even figure out what to do with myself. You guys fell in love and you chose somebody to marry you without ever seeing them. Honestly, I think all of the guys are really... attractive dudes. But I can't possibly imagine having this physical attraction to anybody else like I do with Barnett. So, we've kept your devices from you. You've had no distractions, nothing to get in the way. Here, you have the chance to develop your emotional connection into a physical one. Yeah! When you go back home, will the realities of the material world, your looks, your race, your age, your background, affect the way you feel about each other? How are you guys going to integrate your lives? Think about it. How are you going to integrate your friends, your families, your careers, your homes? How is all of that going to come together with your fianc? Your weddings are just four weeks away. Will you say "I do" to the person you chose to marry, sight unseen, or will you walk away from them forever? Is love truly blind? You better say "I do." To love and happiness and to all of you living in the moment. Cheers. Cheers! Have fun, you guys! So happy for you. Okay, let's get this party started. That was a big shot. Did you slam it down? It's a pleasure meeting both of y'all. We got chocolate, vanilla, and caramel. And, and Kenny's right in the middle. All for that. This is... This is perfect. Gigi should model, for sure. I wasn't surprised in the least bit. I mean, it's just funny, the lines you draw to the voices. She's gorgeous. She really is. What are you doing? This is so weird. Yeah. Like, I got... Can you close your eyes without your hand? I can't associate the face with the voice I'm hearing right now, it's so new. I think Amber is a beautiful woman, but I don't know how to explain it, but... she is... a lot. For sure. Whoo! Mark is... smaller than I thought he was. Let's go! There's more diction in your voice when you're in person. Oh, really. Yeah. Than in the pods. Yeah, the pods. Everyone was saying that. But you really were the most calm talker. So calm. I was like, "Oh my God, I feel like I need to get a massage right now." Cameron has this, like, just adorable smile and he's pretty hot. You know? Whatever. I've heard a lot about you, Barnett. You heard a lot about me? Yes, I have. Hopefully all good things. That's not how that went, darling. That is not how that went. Now that I see Barnett in the flesh after all of the drama, all of the large wine glasses that were consumed on the girls' side due to this man, Um... I don't know, I pictured that he would be this kind of frat-looking guy, like a bro, and I feel like that's what he is, so... I think I gauged him right. But, you know, man, it's just crazy how we started and... Where we're at right now, which is not even the end. That's what the crazy part is. No. It's the beginning. I was talking to Kelly today about it. I mean, it's... This is legitimate, it's not just something that's, "We went through this process, it's an experiment." Right. It was. It was. But we got through that, and now it's all becoming real. It's becoming very real. This is a serious conversation that everybody wants to know. And I'm asking this for a very particular reason, not just... to make anybody kiss and tell. But sx is a big ordeal. It's something that is... to help maintain a healthy relationship, right? And I'll start. So, like, me and Giannina, we're like... She literally goes... Last night we were at dinner having this romantic dinner, and she goes, "What are your feelings on sx?" I said, "You know what? When you're ready." And they called for dessert. I was like, "Yes, I'm ready for dessert." She goes, "I'm good." I was like, "You don't want dessert?" She goes, "I am dessert." There you go. And I was like, "Well." Well. But, but it was a whole thing of respect and mutual agreement and it was something beautiful and it's so much more than just sx. Did everybody get down and dirty last night? Let's just say I was at day 398 and now I'm at day... I'm happy for you. I'm with you, G. I have that connection with Damian. The emotional connection. That's the difference between the sx being good, and the sx being fckng fantastic. And so we toast to good sx, because that's the cherry on top. We didn't go to sleep till like 400 last night. Oh yeah, yes! All right. We had a great time together. I love Cameron's reaction. We had a great time. I cannot keep my hands off of this man, you guys. No. Yeah, I'm working on that. So I take it your first night was... Good. Ooh, girl. Barnett, how was your night? Yeah! We haven't heard anything from him, man. So, how was your first night... Oh, God. So, I pulled my back out, pulling... Taking the luggage in. No, you did not. Slept on the couch. No, you didn't. Please tell us a realistic story. Will you tell us, Barnett? No. If you pulled your back out, it wasn't from luggage. I'm being patient, but everyone else is having sx. And it sucks. Girl, I was gonna say last night, this morning, this afternoon, We were all over that room, before we came out here... This morning in the shower... Hanging out with all the other girls, I caught myself being a little worried that I might not be as excited as they were. You know how I said before, when he was still talking to LC. I'm like... I want him to be happy, I care about him so much. If he wants to be with somebody else, I'll be happy for him. Being with him now, I'm like "No, nobody else. It's you and me. You have to be with me, we're meant to be together." Yeah. We fit so fckng well... I can tell. ...it's ridiculous. Everyone just seemed head over heels. Are you gonna give Mark the poom-poom? What's that? Jessica is 30-something years old. She knows damn well what a poom-poom is. You're not fooling me, Jessica. The pussy, girl. Okay, when... Okay, here's my thing. Coming out of the pod, it's two different things for me. There's like the person, the voice, the persona, and then there's the physical person. I'm still trying to put that together. Yeah. It's no rush, it's only the second day. Are you sharing the bed? Oh, totally. Just cuddle, though. Yeah. That's where me and Kenny are, too. We've made out, but that's it. I can say this. Hey, I don't kiss and tell. I did not and could not go for a run this morning. That's all I'm gonna say. See, there it is. I do declare, Kenny. We kept it PG. We had good make-outs. Me, on the other hand... Everyone's a great catch here. So I think that... everyone just found their match. I love seeing them in love. Seeing them happy makes me happy. Whoo! Oh, sht. And I caught it. Barnett's definitely an attractive guy. This is someone that I created a bond with that I'll never... It will never be matched by any other bond. I mean, to have feelings for someone so strongly that you want to tell them you'll marry them and within twelve hours to retract it... Is it true that... you still feel the same way you felt last night? About me? I mean, I don't know. Wait, really? Yeah. You told me last night that you were ready to, like, propose to me. That's insane. You literally said that last night. I don't know what's up, in my mind. The moment he told me he had changed his mind, my body just absolutely gave out and I saw my life flash before my eyes. Finally being able to see him, I'm going to try to keep my composure. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, man. How are you? What's up? I'm great, how are you? Best buddy. Oh, yeah, we're best friends now. Give me some love. How's it going? It's going good. You having a good time? So much fun. I don't know what the words are exactly yet, I don't know what order they're going to be in, but my last conversation with Jessica never was meant to be something that was supposed to be hurtful. I want to talk to her, still. I want another chance to talk to her, for sure. I'm sorry that I upset you that one night. Well, it was a late night date that was, like... It was too much. I never could figure out, "How did we get there?" I don't even know. I feel so awkward in this moment. We're both here with our new fiancs and I felt so strongly about him. I really did. I didn't know how to handle it. It's okay. I was trying to figure it out. Like, I don't know what to say. There's not a reason this doesn't work. There's nothing I don't like about you. Yeah. Nothing. I know Jessica and Barnett built an emotional connection in the pods, and, you know, she ended up with me. I'm not losing her again. She's with me now. What's up? The odds of Jessica putting up any kind of a fight with me are so low, it's sad. Not sad. Laughable. I told him if he goes anywhere, I'd hunt him down. I love that. I'd hunt him down. He's not going anywhere.