Emotions run high as the couples plan for their futures ... and party like theres no tomorrow. Soon after, the first wedding day arrives. Hung on your every move That pale skin n' crimson lips Oh it's true So happy to be... Okay. ...finally seeing you guys. Yes. So... obviously, I've been gone. I need to hear everything. So I show up to this experiment and there's a guy from day one, Mark. Right off the bat he told me he's from Chicago. Perfect. Big Cubs fan. Has a Golden Retriever. Oh. Okay. Check, check, check. Wants to raise his family in the church. Stop. Super close to his family and, like, every single thing, we're like the same person. He... adores me. Aww. So cute. He gave me that. Oh, my gosh! So gorge! So, you're engaged? He's my best friend. He's my person. Like, I cannot live without this person. Oh, my gosh. Um... Here's the kicker, ladies. So far, everyone is really supportive of me and Mark, but not having my friends support or wondering what people think about the decision that I've made is hugely impactful to me. He's actually... 24. That's not bad. Yeah. We've talked about Priyanka and Nick Jonas. I love you guys. There you go. I've never even gone... And you were like "I love it". And that was before. That's right. You loved it. I did say that, didn't I? 'Cause I was like, "How do you feel about their age?" And you were like, "I love it." Heidi Klum's boy's like 27 or something like that. What? Like all that, you know what I mean? So, it doesn't mean anything. They didn't even flinch. They didn't even blink. They were like, "Okay, cool." So that's a fad and it's really hot right now. Like, oh, okay, so, y'all are on board. I never would've been open to it until I knew this person, who is the most beautiful soul... ever, and it feels like he completes my life, you know? Aww. Are you guys having really good sx? Yes. Cheers. Cheers to that. To future Mrs. Cuevas. Oh! Spicy. I'm comin' alive I can't get enough Its growing inside Oh, Damian. What did you do? Are you serious? Are you serious? Dam! What? Oh... What did you do, Damian? What are you planning? "G, we have had our ups and downs, but through it all you have been by my side and I, yours. I love you so much, babe, and cannot wait to see where our adventure goes, but it starts today. So put on the dress I laid out for you and be downstairs in 30 minutes. I can't wait to see you. With love, Dam." Okay. I'm having a wedding in two days, and I'm not really thinking so much about where I'm going, but... where this is going. You know, where Damian and I are going together. If you told me a month-and-a-half ago that this would happen to me, I probably would have punched you in the face. You look dapper. This is amazing. So today, I have a wonderful day planned for Giannina and I. I want her to see how much I care. Even though we've been through more emotional and physical ups and downs, um, than most people have in a year, there is still a connection, there's still something so strong here. I'm still in love with her. We have a wedding in just a few days, and it's something it's hard not to overthink, but hopefully by the end of the day, we'll be able to find out how strong our love really is. Ah! At least you're hard-headed. That we know. Got it? Ah, yes. Thank you. I'm like, in shock. Ever done this before? No. I'm really glad you're here with me. I really needed this. We needed this. When things get hard, that's when I fight. And I don't just walk away from things. She needs a rock, she needs a crutch, and I can be that for her. I am that for her. I'm just making so many memories. I'm trying to help you bring those butterflies back. The day was gorgeous. Damian is so handsome. Just looking at me, beaming. That made me feel giddy and so in love, and I couldn't believe that this was our date, that this was our day. Wow, this was mesmerizing. I'll never forget this. Will you promise me we'll do stuff like this for the rest of our lives? I... I will put every effort into... keeping our life an adventure. I love being able to go on adventures with you. You make it fun. I never in a million years would have thought that my life would be like this, that I would be so in love with the perfect guy and I can't believe it. I still can't believe this is my life. How excited are you for our wedding? I'm excited. I haven't been nervous about the wedding once. Everybody keeps asking me if I want to run away and if I'm still sure, and I'm like, "No, I'm good." My friends know me too well. They don't understand. They don't understand what's going on. I'm a different person. Surprised them? Yeah, you changed me. Made me into a better man. See, you're saying it sarcastically... But I'm being serious. I know. It's sarcastic but it's serious, but it's, you know... I'm making less of it, I think, but it is a big deal. It makes me happy, like, that you love me for things that I consider, like, flaws in myself. Like what? I don't know, my goofiness. I love that. I know, but... I can't believe you would ever... I hate that your life has been... such that you feel, like, that way about your goofiness. I don't want to be, like, a grown-up. I still want to have fun. I feel like once you get to that point, you're not having fun anymore, and I never want to not have fun. I'm so glad you feel that way. We'll be immature the rest of our lives. What's the point of life if you can't enjoy it? Right? So are you ready for the wedding? Are you ready to marry me? Maybe. Hmm. Mm. Turn it up Just turn it up Keep turning it up Let the beat go on Just kind of sprawl out anywhere you want. Oh, yeah. Right? This is so cute! Look at the Blue Heron. Wow. Cheers to that bird. Mm. Here's to you, here's to me, and what the future has to hold. So proud of us. Thanks for all of this. This is absolutely fabulous. You know, like, everything that's happened, from start to finish and you know, I consider this kind of the... We're approaching the finish line, you know, of our engagement because we know we have something that's good. I know. I don't have control over, you know, how Kelly feels or how she handles situations. Uh, I wish that I did because my confidence is we're getting married and it's 100 % what needs to happen. So how you feeling? I'm happy. You're happy? Mm-hmm. Mm. Why don't you try the pimento cheeses? It's delicious. Mm. This has been a hell of a ride. I feel like a completely different person from when I started this entire thing. Me too. I'm thankful, you know, taking a leap of faith. It's scary at first, but... It was a huge leap. You know? It was huge. Yeah, that's... It was a huge leap, you know. What was your favorite thing? I'm not going to lie. When I first saw you. I saw your eyes. The one thing I'll never forget. My heart was in my stomach. I looked at you and I thought you're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life. And I still remember every single second of that moment. I've felt the same way from start to finish. Jessica's the person that I'm going to be with for the rest of my life. You know, the wedding is just a few short days away. So... I just need to know right now how she feels, because this is such a big decision. Are you scared of commitment? Um... Commitment's always been scary for me. Um... Yeah, I do feel like that's a big takeaway for me. Sorry. I'm here. Commitment I think is scary. It's like... the rest of your life and... so it is. It's always been hard, I think, for me. I think that's why in the past, I've gone after things that... maybe wouldn't lead there, you know? Or I've tried to escape situations that we're leading there. So this has been a chance to look at... commitment and what it means, and how to do it, and it's not that scary. God's got a plan for something with all this and... I love you, babe. Oh! Look at this. Lauren and I, we're about to get married in... practically no time at all. I thought it would be a good idea to go on one last romantic getaway. I'm excited about this. Lauren knows I love the outdoors. She's a city girl. Wanted to meet somewhere in the middle, so Lauren and I are going to have this really romantic dinner in this beautiful tree house, and we're going to spend the night there. This is super cute, honey. It's like a tree house. Yeah. This is very Cameron-y. You think so? Yes. I tried to make it Lauren-y too. It's like a little oasis in the forest. Yeah. Aww... this is cute. Oh, there's pictures. It's crazy to think that, five weeks ago, I didn't even know Cameron. This is pretty freaking cute. And now I've fallen in love with him. We're engaged. Cheers to getting to spend this night together and for all the nights that we've spent, and will spend in the future. I can't wait. Me neither. Cheers. This is the biggest decision that I've had to make in my life. Remember I said, like, what if, like, in a past life, like, you were Caesar and I was Cleopatra? Yeah. Bet they had cups like this. Indeed. Forged out of the finest gold. I know I deserve the finest gold. Oh, my God. Oh, Cleo. Oh, Caesar. I know that I love this man, but I'm so used to being independent. It's like being in a marriage kind of changes everything. Will I lose bits and pieces of me that were there once? Will, um, you know, relationships with my family change? Like, man, what will be left behind in this new phase of my life? It's just... It scares me. So, still feeling fear-free? About the wedding? Mm-hmm. Um... No doubts, no nervousness, nothing... the closer we get? I mean, I have no doubts about wanting to marry you. Mm-hmm. How are you feeling right now? Um... Right now, I mean, I feel... I feel, um... You know I love you. There's no question about that. I know you do. I know. Definitely leaning towards "yes" right now of course. What? Why are you laughing? What is it? You said, "Definitely leaning towards yes." But I mean, I don't know. I understand it's... It's just the wedding is so... So soon, you know? Yeah. I guess in my mind, I was thinking by this point in time she would have just locked in a decision. You drive me crazy. Really crazy. In the best way, I mean. Yeah. Man. It's frustrating, I mean... I know that one of the biggest factors in Lauren's doubts is that her independence might be hampered in some way, even though she says that her need for space doesn't have to do with her love for me. You know at this point, it's hard to believe. It's just... I just really want to have... a solid answer. But anything that I can do to make her happy and make her feel like she's ready to get married. Have you been practicing? You're the best. I've been doing a little practice. Look at you. Ease right into it. Quit stepping... You don't know when to quit. Today was so much fun, and... we go upstairs... open the door. Hey, guys. And it smells like heaven, and this person is standing in my kitchen. I'm Chef Isaac. I'll be your private chef for this evening. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you as well. Nice to meet you. How are you, sir? Well. Please have a seat. Okay. I mean, really? That was... perfect. You are so wonderful. So, so, so... wonderful. You like? I love it. I love it. I love this man, who's in my home right now making us this wonderful four-coursed meal. I love you, too. Good job. So this is our final night together. It's emotional, because this will be the last time I get to hold her and cuddle with her and kiss her before the wedding. I just can't believe it's going to be our last night together. I don't believe it's truly our last night. I believe it's the first night of many more to come, just the last night together before the wedding. Take the rest of me Take the rest of me Don't leave me in half I know that, no matter what happens, we're gonna make the best of tonight. We're gonna enjoy every second with each other. We won't sleep all night because we don't want to lose a second with each other. So it's... It's a lot on both of us, but I know how much G means to me and how much I love her and I know she cares but sometimes she doesn't show it as much. I need to be a hundred percent confident about how she feels and how it's reciprocated between both of us. We talked about a lot of things, um, but I still have one thing that's... It's still hard to get out of my head and that was our blow up in the kitchen and that you lost your butterflies. Mm-hmm. You had them, and then you lost them. Mm-hmm. I'm going into the wedding and... I still want to make sure that you're happy at the end of the day whether it's with me or without me. And we've been happy these last few days, but I'm also... I still question, like... "Am I good enough for her, for what was missing? I want your honest answer, of how you feel now. I feel a lot of things. I don't like the fact that I did lose them. I'm not gonna lie. But... it wasn't fair of me to just feel like you could read my mind. After I told you how I felt, even though it was so insensitive of me, the way that I told you, you just... You soaked it up like a sponge, you know? You didn't shy away from it at all and that was a really hard thing for you to hear. Really hard. Because I would die, too. So... the fact that you just kind of were like, "What would G like?" That got me back. So they're back? They're back. I just really thought they went away. So are you scared they'll go away again? Yeah. I am, honest. What would cause them to go away again? I have no idea. I don't know what made them go away. I'm someone that can push through anything. My butterflies come with me. Yeah. You know. I don't know. It's the one thing you can't explain. And I'm being as honest as I can. I appreciate that. So, to a great day, an incredible evening, and to the most beautiful woman I've ever laid my eyes on. Here's to... having... an experience of a lifetime with you. I like that. And now... Hmm. The night's not over. What? What are you getting at, Damian? Oh my God. Taken without permission from https//tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/ How should I start What should say I can't let this slip away Hey, darling. Hey, babe. What you working on? Um... Working on our vows. I'm not supposed to peek, am I? I don't know what the tradition is on that. I don't think... I think I'm supposed to be like, surprised. Surprised? Yeah, though, I think some couples, they like... Their vows go together, type of thing. Like, what do you mean by they... Sometimes they go together? Oh, you know, "I promise to be your pilot." Then the other person's, like, "I promise to be your copilot." Oh, yeah, let's not do that. Let's not do that, honey. I really want to see where Lauren's head is at and try to get some resolution as to whether she really wants to get married. I'm excited about the bachelorette party. You are? Yeah. You're not excited about the bachelor party? You're so uptight today, Cameron. What's wrong? What's wrong, honey? We're getting married in not that much time, and I mean, I still... don't know... completely what you're gonna say. Yeah. So... Yeah, I don't want to say a definite answer. Just the thought of walking down the aisle and committing myself to someone for life just makes me so nervous that I want to, like, vomit. I know that the truth may hurt Cameron's feelings but but it's important to me to always be open and honest, especially with a man that I'm possibly going to marry. Like, we don't have time to lie to each other to protect each other's feelings. We need honesty, no matter how much it hurts. I mean, I don't want to go into our wedding day without know... You know... Without knowing... I mean, I feel like that, outside of this process, I mean, even if we were just getting married on our own I still would be nervous and freaking out up to the point where I get up to the altar and I'm like, "What... am I going to do or say?" You know, it's just tough to... not know how she feels at this point. I guess I thought she was going to know, but... You know that I'm ready to marry you already. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I know that. Say yes Say yes Cameron, I mean, I... I don't know what to say. It's overwhelming when... you feel that strongly about someone, I think. You know, I would never want to lose her. I just really want to be your husband. I want you to be my wife. I know. I know you do. So if I asked do you feel the same Would you say yes Say yes Here we are. Oh, yeah. There's a pole. Never met a pole I couldn't fly down. It is our bachelorette party. It's crazy to think that throughout this whole process, I finally made it to, like, the day before my wedding. I'm trying not to think too hard about "This is going to be my last night," 'cuz then I'll get in my head and I don't want to get into that space. Everybody's toasting with their ring hand already. He put a ring on it. Cheers, babies. I'm looking forward to having a good time like we always do. Next thing you know... Hey, excuse me. Hey, Atlanta PD. Y'all gotta get this van out of the way. Yes! Oh! Wait a minute. Stripper. Yes. Stripper. It's a stripper. It's a stripper. Oh, sht! I don't even have time to realize what's happening. He throws me back onto this chair and just starts doing his thing, just jackhammering. Oh my God! Here you go, ladies. I don't know what's happening. Yes! There you go, Kelly. There you go. And as well behaved as I am being with the stripper, I'm assuming the guys have a stripper as well and my fianc, being the salsa dancing king that he is, I'm just assuming and visualizing what's taking place at their bachelor party. You really killed it. Game time. Wait, is this meat? Yeah. Okay. We were told there wouldn't be any strippers here. You guys, you want something to drink? Cam! Cam! This is the most responsible one of the group. We need a half-shot for him. So today, this is the last hurrah before we tie the knot. All of the guys' friends and a lot of my close friends are here, so now everybody's hanging out, having a wonderful time. Hey, hey. All right. All seriousness, though. For the gentlemen that have gone through this experience, for those of the friends that have seen us go through this experience, I know you guys think we're absolutely crazy. But we've learned things that we've never thought in our lives, but it's brought us all here in this moment. So I cheers to that. It was good to have the guys there, like... The last little toast to the entire experience and just to have our guys there, all together... I'm thankful that it could end with not just the original five, but with our best friends. This all brought us together for a reason and, no matter what... Hey. ...we're here. Here we go. If we were drunk on the moon I'd watch the earth rise with you Bitches, we're getting married. I'm so excited. I'm about to get married. Oh my God. Oh my fckng God. Like... put that... I'm marrying my best friend. Let's get crazy. I'm getting married to my best friend and I love him and I'm so lucky. It's huge. It's huge and I'm so lucky and thankful. I'm also really drunk. Hey, everyone. Oh my God. Oh, sht. Hello. So good to see you. I miss you. I know. You look gorge. Hello? What about me, btch? I see Carolina and Meghan and I'm so happy that they're here. I just... These girls are, you know, my family. What do you feel now? Where are you right now? It's started this experience and I actually clicked with Damian, and then I see him and I'm, like, the voice doesn't match the face. Now I have to put, like, physical to, like, emotional. It's really weird. Like the way that he treats me, he's a prince. It's so cute. It's so cute. I've never seen your ring. Let me see. Oh. Aww, that's so cute. My friends still have a ton of questions about the engagement and Cameron and... I already know that entering into this experience is going to be a lot of questions that I'm going to have to answer, so I'm just glad to get it all out. Wait a minute. Where are you going on a honeymoon? Well, we had like a pre-honeymoon. We went to Mexico. Okay. But I don't know if we're gonna do... Well, we probably will, eventually. Like, another honeymoon, if I get married. Whenyou get married! The crazy thing about it is that I've literally prayed... Like, "I'm ready for my match, Lord, send him." Now he's here and I'm like, "Oh sht." Right. I'm scared, like... Are you still happy? Yeah, he's so fun. Like, you'll love him. He's a great guy. But just, you know. What? Like, I've always said... In our dating life, yeah. And I've always told Kelly her picker is off. Like, she has a bad picker for guys. It's true. I mean, I love her but... You need a show to to help us. She does have a bad... You have a bad... Because you fall in love with looks... Yeah. ...and then their personalities. And that's how you've done it forever. And we've had to get you out of many... No, I know. It's like, usually you're talking about abs or something. Yeah, I know. Have y'all done the deed? We haven't. Okay. I mean Kenny is an attractive guy, but how he looks is not my typical guy. My eyes always went to brunettes. I just personally am not as physically attracted to him. I love Kenny, but he gives me that "best friend" vibe. Have you done any kind of deed? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You know what's crazy? Um... We ended up not waiting that long. sx? Yeah. Do you think you just did it out of like, the stress? No. It was crazy. You know, the first time was... I don't know, man. I can't explain it. It was fun. Damn. And I couldn't... I couldn't explain it, like, because, you know, she was really adamant. And then ever since then, man, it's just... There's a connection that's been there, you know? So you feel better about it now? I feel better about her because we connected the dots. Dude, it just happened, man. Just... I don't know. But it's crazy. It was gnarly. That's great. That is crazy. Right? Like... Kelly and I, like, we... We've messed around, but we didn't hv sx. Really? She's... Yeah. I mean, we've done everything but. I honestly do believe that it has strengthened us a lot because I think, again, we connected on an even more level. You know, found a more common ground and I think it was awesome for her, especially because now she feels a lot closer to me. For her and I, it was just a chemistry that just happened and I was, like, "Wow." It was right at that moment that we were just like... Yep, like, the physical connection was just there, you know? I mean, when I entered into this experiment, I mean, I really didn't think anything like this would come about. Yeah. You know? I mean, sometimes I don't even think about the fact that I'm getting married. It's a good thing. It means it's like a natural thing that you want to do, that it's not like this weird thing. You know, it's going to be a crazy day. I don't really know what to expect. You know, right? You're getting married. Well, I... Let's hope so. I hope so, too. Yeah. I hope so, too. Cam's, you know... He's a very romantic guy, so it's not completely surprising to me that he found someone that he was able to connect so strongly in such a short amount of time. Most of the girls he dates are pretty sophisticated. They're usually into the arts. They're usually like very elegant and from what he's told me about, um, Lauren so far, it seems like she kind of fits into that mold. It's tough for her because she's never lived with another man before. Oh, wow. Yeah. That's very interesting. Well, she had two serious relationships that lasted about two years apiece. Okay. And they were both long-distance. Interesting. And she's never introduced a man to her parents before. Interesting. Okay. Bro, even the guys who she... How long were these... Like these two year relationships, but they weren't good enough to meet Dad. Wow, that is extremely interesting. Man, I love Giannina. I do. So are y'all like, legit? Like, a hundred percent on each other's level? So she backed off, shut down. For weeks, fighting, arguing, just stupid sht. It pushed me away, and I was, "fck this." I backed off. I went down and I said, "I'm not doing this." And then the last four or five days, she's been totally involved. She's like, "Wake up, do you want breakfast?" Like, "What can I do for you?" "Hey, babe, I'm grabbing dinner." I was fckng, like, "I love this girl." I've actually fallen for who she is. I know they're having some differences, but, like, he's still in it, so he knows what he wants. He hasn't been like a one-woman, "This is who I want to marry." Never heard that word. Never, like, "engaged, wife," whatnot. Never. Honestly, this is like a changed Damian. But at the same time, our wedding's coming up and I'm scared. I'm nervous. I got all this sht running through me. And she loved me, she didn't love me and now she loves me again. And it's like, where will this be in a month? Are you gonna still love me or you gonna want something else? And you know what? No matter what happens between me and G at our wedding, our engagement, our off-set experiences, I love that woman. What? What do you want to know? Do you still think love is enough. To be honest, I think everyone has... More so women, I think that they have a visual who they're going to marry. The accolades, the... The height, the weight, whatever it is, the visual picture. I've tackled every obstacle. I've tackled every objection. I've tackled everything. Jess and I... Even right now, we're in a good spot. I feel confident she's going to say, "Hey, let's fckng get married." So after everything you've told me, you think it's still enough? This roll... This roll will determine everything. You can't leave your future up to the roll of a dice. Why not? That would be bold, man. Put it all in. Let's go. Put it in. Let's go. All-in. I'm all-in, why not? fck it. All right. Yeah. Seven! Whoa! Wow! Damn. Well, I guess we don't gotta worry about this anymore. Never play craps. Wow, dude. Welcome, welcome to The Lips. It's okay to be a h as long as you're a good h. Ah! Do I have any good hos? If you need something and you can't find your waitress, all you gotta do is raise your hand and let us know you need something. One more thing... We need a drink and appetizer. Oh, you need a drink and an appetizer? Yes, please. Can you say "appetizer" without slurring your words, btch? The drag queen tells Jessica that she's slurring her words. I can help you with that, but I need to know what kinda drink you need, btch. Whoo! She needs a vodka soda. No, she wants a vodka soda. She probably don't need it. Jessica is a mess-ica tonight, okay? Okay? A mess. Baby girl. Hey, Boo-Boo. Hey, look at me and know me. Look at me. You okay, Boo-Boo? I won't go after your dude. You and your dude... And I know you. I know you, baby! I know you! I saw you and your baby and I saw you guys were... You were so perfect. I'm in love with my fianc. I am in love with him. And I know you and him have a very serious friendship. Honest to God, he is the most... amazing person I've ever met in my whole life. The Barnett thing that happened in the pods... it's over. It was a complicated situation to begin with and getting over that might take a while but if it was still a thing, if it was still in your head, that would have been disrespectful and that would have made me, literally, like, beat your ass. Baby, for sure. Like, I'm sorry, I'm a hostile person. I would have broken your fckng nose. I'm not gonna lie. Considering my situation with Jessica and Barnett, had she genuinely been pursuing my fianc... If you were to ever actively go after my husband, I would destroy your life. That would have been a huge issue for me. Look at me. Boobies is in. Okay. Baby, I'm not worried about being against you. I never have been. Promise me. Never, not ever. Today's the day. I am excited. Yeah. It's my wedding day. I can't believe that it's here. I just wish it was a little bit more sunny. It'll dry up, but you know what this means, when it rains on your wedding day? What? Oh, is it good luck? It's really for fertility. You're gonna have a lot of babies. It's for fertility? I was guessing! I didn't know it was it. Giannina, she's the most beautiful woman I ever laid my eyes on. Indescribably beautiful. Heart, soul, spirit. And we fell in love without ever seeing one another, and now we're here. Our wedding day. And it's emotional 'cause it's not a game to me. It's not just an experiment. It's my heart. So cute. Yay! Are you guys excited? Yes. Dream come true. I can't believe this. A month and a half ago, I was so single, it hurt. Bride first. Thank you, guys. And then I fell in love with my fianc without ever seeing him. I want to ask you, Damian Powers, Will you marry me? I will marry you. I'll marry you, too. I accept. I needed someone strong 'cause I need to be able to really be me. We did everything. We held nothing back, even when it hurt like hell. I've felt closer and a stronger connection with her than I have anyone else before. But, once we got back to the real world, it was arguments, challenges, difficulties. One night, she's like, "I love you. I want to be with you," and the next day like, "I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know if I want this." She needs to know that she's in control of a situation and it's 'cause she sort of battles herself. I'm enjoying being here with you and enjoying the moment and you started to go down this whole road of overthinking everything. I'm not overthinking, I'm just asking a question. Listen to me. Stop interrupting me, for the love of God. When things are comfortable, you self-sabotage, as you always say. mthrfckr, listen to me. Like, is there something you want to get out? You make me an option, not a priority, and that's what it comes off as. We keep things the way they've been going, and you will lose me. You know how you tell me this is the best sx of your life? Have you noticed I don't say it's the best sx of my life, too? I came into this process to find the love of my life. Marriage is two people coming together as one. It's a commitment, and we have a decision to make today. At the end of the day, it could be the rest of mine and Giannina's life together, or it could be the last day of us together. What do you love about her? She's beautiful and, you know, her heart's big, um... She feels everything, so she's very emotional, but it keeps me on my toes. It keeps me challenged. It doesn't ever get boring. You see a future with her? Yeah. I do. It's a lot, man. We've went through a year and a half, two years of stuff in a month and a half, and people are like, how do you really know somebody? It's something I could never explain to anybody unless you actually go through it. It's insane. I was super skeptical at first, but I had no clue what it was. But I just... You look happy and you look serious about it, so... I mean, I'm backing it now. Ah! Hola, mami. Hola, mamita. Wow! Ai, que bueno. Que bueno. You can say you're ready to make a really big decision in your life and you're not really ready. Like, no one's ever really ready. So am I ready to marry Damian? If it happens today, then I'm ready. It seems like you want to be the best version of yourself. I mean, I did show him, like, my bitchy side, like, hardcore. I don't think you can hide that. So, and he... It seems like he loves you anyway. Right. I know that I pushed Damian... ...over the edge. But this was life, condensed. And I really, really wanted to see how are things when they get real, when things get hard? Oh, my God, my God, my God. Ay, Giannina. You're getting married? You wantme to get married? Yes. Yes? I'm... curious. Well... please, don't let this be a game to you, Giannina, okay? No. Don't cry because you'll ruin your makeup. I know, it's hard. No, it's not hard. We're here. It's what you decide. Yeah, she is gonna walk down that aisle today, and I'm very unsure of what's gonna happen. It's going to be in a decision of a matter of seconds or minutes that determines, potentially the rest of my life and hers. I don't know where I stand at this point and I've been so confident with everything, and... I want my head to be fully in it and I want my heart to be fully in it, but today I'm questioning a lot of things. Marriage, it's... It's binding. it's your teammate, it's your partner. It's, it's so much more and little things like that hit me in the heart because she does mean a lot to me and I want her to love me the way I love her. Watch me rise up when the others fall I'll give more after I've given all Ah! Qualities that would make Giannina a good wife She loves kids. She wants a family. She's hard-working. She's dedicated. She's committed to always wanting more in her life. Um, if now... you will hold these. The time comes um, to hold mine and G's rings at the altar. Gonna watch me rise up when the others fall Every morning I wake up next to Giannina, I still get butterflies. I fall in love with her again every single day. Ay yi yi. Now it's legit. Oh, wow. I love Damian. I love him so much. He does things every single day that make me feel loved, and the fact that he truly gets me, that makes me feel... like sunshine. Do I think he will be the best husband and father and my soulmate ever? Yes. Of course. Yay! But, uh, is he going to be able to handle me, good and bad? So this is a gift from G... to me. It's always a positive sign. Yeah. You know what I mean? Love. "The beginning was rough. The middle was sweet. The other half was a lot. And soon we'll reach our peak. I asked you once, 'Can you handle me?' I hope you know now and forget the rest, 'cause ready or not, this isn't a test. So, what do you want? Only you can guess. P.S., Just in case you get cold feet, here are some socks to keep you warm." "Love, G." You gonna put them on? Hell, yeah. Are you ready to walk me down the aisle? Hmm. Yes. Ah! I have to. Yes. Who else? I'm the father. I'm overwhelmed because I am afraid of failure and disappointing people that I care about. My family is here. My friends are here. I feel scared and excited. It's a roller coaster of emotions. I love you. I'm proud of you. I give you away. No? S. Today... we hope to celebrate love. Today we discover if love is blind. Please rise for the bride. Looking in Giannina's eyes, my heart starts racing. How I'm feeling is unexplainable. I'm moments away from making the biggest decision of my life. I see Damian standing there. He looks so hot and dapper. Who gives this woman to this man? I do. We are gathered here to celebrate and delight in the marriage between Giannina and Damian. Now you stand together in the presence of family and friends and God to decide whether or not to face life together as husband and wife. Giannina, you can now share your thoughts. I always dreamed what it would feel like when I found my soulmate, to hear their voice and have the world melt away. And you gave me that gift. You gave me you, and it is the most beautiful gift I've ever received. Giannina Milady Gibelli, I remember the first time I walked into the pod and I heard your voice. I've been all around the world, I've never heard anything so beautiful. I buried my heart away the last few years and you opened it back up. I didn't just give you a piece of me. I gave you all of me. And I don't love just a piece of you, I love all of you. Giannina and Damian, will you get married and commit to face life together as husband and wife, or walk away from each other forever? You fell in love with who each of you are on the inside and you decided to get married before ever seeing one another. Now is the time to decide if love is blind. Giannina Milady Gibelli, do you take Mark Damian Powers to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him and keep him, so long as you both shall live? Of course I do. And from this day on, I promise to give you the gift of being your rock when you least want it, because it's when you need it the most. And I'll plant kisses that'll grow trust and confidence within you. Because this I promise, Damian I'm yours. Damian Powers, do you take Giannina Milady Gibelli to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, so long as you both shall live?